android.widget.RemoteViews$RemoteView
 Methods: 0
android.widget.AbsListView$MultiChoiceModeListener
 Methods: 1
  onItemCheckedStateChanged | mode, position, id, checked
android.widget.AbsListView$OnScrollListener
 Methods: 2
  onScroll | view, firstVisibleItem, visibleItemCount, totalItemCount
  onScrollStateChanged | view, scrollState
android.widget.AbsListView$RecyclerListener
 Methods: 1
  onMovedToScrapHeap | view
android.widget.AbsListView$SelectionBoundsAdjuster
 Methods: 1
  adjustListItemSelectionBounds | bounds
android.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onMenuItemClick | item
android.widget.Adapter
 Methods: 11
  getAutofillOptions | 
  getCount | 
  getItem | position
  getItemId | position
  getItemViewType | position
  getView | position, convertView, parent
  getViewTypeCount | 
  hasStableIds | 
  isEmpty | 
  registerDataSetObserver | observer
  unregisterDataSetObserver | observer
android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onItemClick | parent, view, position, id
android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemLongClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onItemLongClick | parent, view, position, id
android.widget.AdapterView$OnItemSelectedListener
 Methods: 2
  onItemSelected | parent, view, position, id
  onNothingSelected | parent
android.widget.Advanceable
 Methods: 2
  advance | 
  fyiWillBeAdvancedByHostKThx | 
android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView$OnDismissListener
 Methods: 1
  onDismiss | 
android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView$Validator
 Methods: 2
  fixText | invalidText
  isValid | text
android.widget.CalendarView$OnDateChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onSelectedDayChange | view, year, month, dayOfMonth
android.widget.Checkable
 Methods: 3
  isChecked | 
  setChecked | checked
  toggle | 
android.widget.Chronometer$OnChronometerTickListener
 Methods: 1
  onChronometerTick | chronometer
android.widget.CompoundButton$OnCheckedChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onCheckedChanged | buttonView, isChecked
android.widget.DatePicker$OnDateChangedListener
 Methods: 1
  onDateChanged | view, year, monthOfYear, dayOfMonth
android.widget.ExpandableListAdapter
 Methods: 18
  areAllItemsEnabled | 
  getChild | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildId | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildView | groupPosition, childPosition, isLastChild, convertView, parent
  getChildrenCount | groupPosition
  getCombinedChildId | groupId, childId
  getCombinedGroupId | groupId
  getGroup | groupPosition
  getGroupCount | 
  getGroupId | groupPosition
  getGroupView | groupPosition, isExpanded, convertView, parent
  hasStableIds | 
  isChildSelectable | groupPosition, childPosition
  isEmpty | 
  onGroupCollapsed | groupPosition
  onGroupExpanded | groupPosition
  registerDataSetObserver | observer
  unregisterDataSetObserver | observer
android.widget.ExpandableListView$OnChildClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onChildClick | parent, v, groupPosition, childPosition, id
android.widget.ExpandableListView$OnGroupClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onGroupClick | parent, v, groupPosition, id
android.widget.ExpandableListView$OnGroupCollapseListener
 Methods: 1
  onGroupCollapse | groupPosition
android.widget.ExpandableListView$OnGroupExpandListener
 Methods: 1
  onGroupExpand | groupPosition
android.widget.Filter$FilterListener
 Methods: 1
  onFilterComplete | count
android.widget.Filterable
 Methods: 1
  getFilter | 
android.widget.FilterQueryProvider
 Methods: 1
  runQuery | constraint
android.widget.HeterogeneousExpandableList
 Methods: 4
  getChildType | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildTypeCount | 
  getGroupType | groupPosition
  getGroupTypeCount | 
android.widget.ListAdapter
 Methods: 2
  areAllItemsEnabled | 
  isEnabled | position
android.widget.MediaController$MediaPlayerControl
 Methods: 11
  canPause | 
  canSeekBackward | 
  canSeekForward | 
  getAudioSessionId | 
  getBufferPercentage | 
  getCurrentPosition | 
  getDuration | 
  isPlaying | 
  pause | 
  seekTo | pos
  start | 
android.widget.MultiAutoCompleteTextView$Tokenizer
 Methods: 3
  findTokenEnd | text, cursor
  findTokenStart | text, cursor
  terminateToken | text
android.widget.NumberPicker$Formatter
 Methods: 1
  format | value
android.widget.NumberPicker$OnScrollListener
 Methods: 1
  onScrollStateChange | view, scrollState
android.widget.NumberPicker$OnValueChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onValueChange | picker, oldVal, newVal
android.widget.PopupMenu$OnDismissListener
 Methods: 1
  onDismiss | menu
android.widget.PopupMenu$OnMenuItemClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onMenuItemClick | item
android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener
 Methods: 1
  onDismiss | 
android.widget.RadioGroup$OnCheckedChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onCheckedChanged | group, checkedId
android.widget.RatingBar$OnRatingBarChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onRatingChanged | ratingBar, rating, fromUser
android.widget.RemoteViewsService$RemoteViewsFactory
 Methods: 9
  getCount | 
  getItemId | position
  getLoadingView | 
  getViewAt | position
  getViewTypeCount | 
  hasStableIds | 
  onCreate | 
  onDataSetChanged | 
  onDestroy | 
android.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener
 Methods: 1
  onClose | 
android.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener
 Methods: 2
  onQueryTextChange | newText
  onQueryTextSubmit | query
android.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener
 Methods: 2
  onSuggestionClick | position
  onSuggestionSelect | position
android.widget.SectionIndexer
 Methods: 3
  getPositionForSection | sectionIndex
  getSectionForPosition | position
  getSections | 
android.widget.SeekBar$OnSeekBarChangeListener
 Methods: 3
  onProgressChanged | seekBar, progress, fromUser
  onStartTrackingTouch | seekBar
  onStopTrackingTouch | seekBar
android.widget.ShareActionProvider$OnShareTargetSelectedListener
 Methods: 1
  onShareTargetSelected | source, intent
android.widget.SimpleAdapter$ViewBinder
 Methods: 1
  setViewValue | view, data, textRepresentation
android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$CursorToStringConverter
 Methods: 1
  convertToString | cursor
android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter$ViewBinder
 Methods: 1
  setViewValue | view, cursor, columnIndex
android.widget.SimpleCursorTreeAdapter$ViewBinder
 Methods: 1
  setViewValue | view, cursor, columnIndex
android.widget.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerCloseListener
 Methods: 1
  onDrawerClosed | 
android.widget.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerOpenListener
 Methods: 1
  onDrawerOpened | 
android.widget.SlidingDrawer$OnDrawerScrollListener
 Methods: 2
  onScrollEnded | 
  onScrollStarted | 
android.widget.SpinnerAdapter
 Methods: 1
  getDropDownView | position, convertView, parent
android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  onTabChanged | tabId
android.widget.TabHost$TabContentFactory
 Methods: 1
  createTabContent | tag
android.widget.TextView$OnEditorActionListener
 Methods: 1
  onEditorAction | v, actionId, event
android.widget.ThemedSpinnerAdapter
 Methods: 2
  getDropDownViewTheme | 
  setDropDownViewTheme | theme
android.widget.TimePicker$OnTimeChangedListener
 Methods: 1
  onTimeChanged | view, hourOfDay, minute
android.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener
 Methods: 1
  onMenuItemClick | item
android.widget.ViewSwitcher$ViewFactory
 Methods: 1
  makeView | 
android.widget.WrapperListAdapter
 Methods: 1
  getWrappedAdapter | 
android.widget.ZoomButtonsController$OnZoomListener
 Methods: 2
  onVisibilityChanged | visible
  onZoom | zoomIn
android.widget.AbsListView
 Methods: 108
  addTouchables | views
  afterTextChanged | s
  beforeTextChanged | s, start, count, after
  canScrollList | direction
  checkInputConnectionProxy | view
  clearChoices | 
  clearTextFilter | 
  deferNotifyDataSetChanged | 
  dispatchDrawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  draw | canvas
  fling | velocityY
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getCacheColorHint | 
  getCheckedItemCount | 
  getCheckedItemIds | 
  getCheckedItemPosition | 
  getCheckedItemPositions | 
  getChoiceMode | 
  getFocusedRect | r
  getListPaddingBottom | 
  getListPaddingLeft | 
  getListPaddingRight | 
  getListPaddingTop | 
  getSelectedView | 
  getSelector | 
  getSolidColor | 
  getTextFilter | 
  getTranscriptMode | 
  getVerticalScrollbarWidth | 
  hasTextFilter | 
  invalidateViews | 
  isFastScrollAlwaysVisible | 
  isFastScrollEnabled | 
  isItemChecked | position
  isScrollingCacheEnabled | 
  isSmoothScrollbarEnabled | 
  isStackFromBottom | 
  isTextFilterEnabled | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onCancelPendingInputEvents | 
  onCreateInputConnection | outAttrs
  onFilterComplete | count
  onGenericMotionEvent | event
  onGlobalLayout | 
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem | view, position, info
  onInterceptHoverEvent | event
  onInterceptTouchEvent | ev
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  onNestedFling | target, velocityX, velocityY, consumed
  onNestedScroll | target, dxConsumed, dyConsumed, dxUnconsumed, dyUnconsumed
  onNestedScrollAccepted | child, target, axes
  onRemoteAdapterConnected | 
  onRemoteAdapterDisconnected | 
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  onStartNestedScroll | child, target, nestedScrollAxes
  onTextChanged | s, start, before, count
  onTouchEvent | ev
  onTouchModeChanged | isInTouchMode
  onWindowFocusChanged | hasWindowFocus
  performItemClick | view, position, id
  pointToPosition | x, y
  pointToRowId | x, y
  reclaimViews | views
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent | disallowIntercept
  requestLayout | 
  scrollListBy | y
  setAdapter | adapter
  setCacheColorHint | color
  setChoiceMode | choiceMode
  setDrawSelectorOnTop | onTop
  setFastScrollAlwaysVisible | alwaysShow
  setFastScrollEnabled | enabled
  setFastScrollStyle | styleResId
  setFilterText | filterText
  setFriction | friction
  setItemChecked | position, value
  setMultiChoiceModeListener | listener
  setOnScrollListener | l
  setOverScrollMode | mode
  setRecyclerListener | listener
  setRemoteViewsAdapter | intent
  setScrollBarStyle | style
  setScrollIndicators | up, down
  setScrollingCacheEnabled | enabled
  setSelectionFromTop | position, y
  setSelector | resID
  setSelector | sel
  setSmoothScrollbarEnabled | enabled
  setStackFromBottom | stackFromBottom
  setTextFilterEnabled | textFilterEnabled
  setTranscriptMode | mode
  setVelocityScale | scale
  setVerticalScrollbarPosition | position
  showContextMenu | x, y
  showContextMenu | 
  showContextMenuForChild | originalView, x, y
  showContextMenuForChild | originalView
  smoothScrollBy | distance, duration
  smoothScrollToPosition | position
  smoothScrollToPosition | position, boundPosition
  smoothScrollToPositionFromTop | position, offset, duration
  smoothScrollToPositionFromTop | position, offset
  verifyDrawable | dr
android.widget.AbsListView$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.AbsoluteLayout
 Methods: 2
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
android.widget.AbsoluteLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 1
  debug | output
android.widget.AbsSeekBar
 Methods: 26
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getKeyProgressIncrement | 
  getSplitTrack | 
  getThumb | 
  getThumbOffset | 
  getThumbTintList | 
  getThumbTintMode | 
  getTickMark | 
  getTickMarkTintList | 
  getTickMarkTintMode | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onTouchEvent | event
  setKeyProgressIncrement | increment
  setMax | max
  setMin | min
  setSplitTrack | splitTrack
  setThumb | thumb
  setThumbOffset | thumbOffset
  setThumbTintList | tint
  setThumbTintMode | tintMode
  setTickMark | tickMark
  setTickMarkTintList | tint
  setTickMarkTintMode | tintMode
android.widget.AbsSpinner
 Methods: 14
  autofill | value
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getCount | 
  getSelectedView | 
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  pointToPosition | x, y
  requestLayout | 
  setAdapter | adapter
  setSelection | position, animate
  setSelection | position
android.widget.ActionMenuView
 Methods: 13
  dismissPopupMenus | 
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getMenu | 
  getOverflowIcon | 
  getPopupTheme | 
  hideOverflowMenu | 
  isOverflowMenuShowing | 
  onConfigurationChanged | newConfig
  onDetachedFromWindow | 
  setOnMenuItemClickListener | listener
  setOverflowIcon | icon
  setPopupTheme | resId
  showOverflowMenu | 
android.widget.ActionMenuView$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.AdapterView
 Methods: 34
  addView | child, index
  addView | child
  addView | child, params
  addView | child, index, params
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getCount | 
  getEmptyView | 
  getFirstVisiblePosition | 
  getItemAtPosition | position
  getItemIdAtPosition | position
  getLastVisiblePosition | 
  getOnItemClickListener | 
  getOnItemLongClickListener | 
  getOnItemSelectedListener | 
  getPositionForView | view
  getSelectedItem | 
  getSelectedItemId | 
  getSelectedItemPosition | 
  getSelectedView | 
  onProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  performItemClick | view, position, id
  removeAllViews | 
  removeView | child
  removeViewAt | index
  setAdapter | adapter
  setEmptyView | emptyView
  setFocusable | focusable
  setFocusableInTouchMode | focusable
  setOnClickListener | l
  setOnItemClickListener | listener
  setOnItemLongClickListener | listener
  setOnItemSelectedListener | listener
  setSelection | position
android.widget.AdapterView$AdapterContextMenuInfo
 Methods: 0
android.widget.AdapterViewAnimator
 Methods: 27
  advance | 
  deferNotifyDataSetChanged | 
  fyiWillBeAdvancedByHostKThx | 
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getBaseline | 
  getCurrentView | 
  getDisplayedChild | 
  getInAnimation | 
  getOutAnimation | 
  getSelectedView | 
  onRemoteAdapterConnected | 
  onRemoteAdapterDisconnected | 
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  onTouchEvent | ev
  setAdapter | adapter
  setAnimateFirstView | animate
  setDisplayedChild | whichChild
  setInAnimation | inAnimation
  setInAnimation | context, resourceID
  setOutAnimation | outAnimation
  setOutAnimation | context, resourceID
  setRemoteViewsAdapter | intent
  setSelection | position
  showNext | 
  showPrevious | 
android.widget.AdapterViewFlipper
 Methods: 12
  fyiWillBeAdvancedByHostKThx | 
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getFlipInterval | 
  isAutoStart | 
  isFlipping | 
  setAdapter | adapter
  setAutoStart | autoStart
  setFlipInterval | flipInterval
  showNext | 
  showPrevious | 
  startFlipping | 
  stopFlipping | 
android.widget.AlphabetIndexer
 Methods: 6
  getPositionForSection | sectionIndex
  getSectionForPosition | position
  getSections | 
  onChanged | 
  onInvalidated | 
  setCursor | cursor
android.widget.AnalogClock
 Methods: 0
android.widget.ArrayAdapter
 Methods: 22
  add | object
  addAll | items
  addAll | collection
  clear | 
  createFromResource | context, textArrayResId, textViewResId
  getAutofillOptions | 
  getContext | 
  getCount | 
  getDropDownView | position, convertView, parent
  getDropDownViewTheme | 
  getFilter | 
  getItem | position
  getItemId | position
  getPosition | item
  getView | position, convertView, parent
  insert | object, index
  notifyDataSetChanged | 
  remove | object
  setDropDownViewResource | resource
  setDropDownViewTheme | theme
  setNotifyOnChange | notifyOnChange
  sort | comparator
android.widget.AutoCompleteTextView
 Methods: 46
  clearListSelection | 
  dismissDropDown | 
  enoughToFilter | 
  getAdapter | 
  getCompletionHint | 
  getDropDownAnchor | 
  getDropDownBackground | 
  getDropDownHeight | 
  getDropDownHorizontalOffset | 
  getDropDownVerticalOffset | 
  getDropDownWidth | 
  getItemClickListener | 
  getItemSelectedListener | 
  getListSelection | 
  getOnItemClickListener | 
  getOnItemSelectedListener | 
  getThreshold | 
  getValidator | 
  isPerformingCompletion | 
  isPopupShowing | 
  onCommitCompletion | completion
  onFilterComplete | count
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyPreIme | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  onWindowFocusChanged | hasWindowFocus
  performCompletion | 
  performValidation | 
  setAdapter | adapter
  setCompletionHint | hint
  setDropDownAnchor | id
  setDropDownBackgroundDrawable | d
  setDropDownBackgroundResource | id
  setDropDownHeight | height
  setDropDownHorizontalOffset | offset
  setDropDownVerticalOffset | offset
  setDropDownWidth | width
  setListSelection | position
  setOnClickListener | listener
  setOnDismissListener | dismissListener
  setOnItemClickListener | l
  setOnItemSelectedListener | l
  setText | text, filter
  setThreshold | threshold
  setValidator | validator
  showDropDown | 
android.widget.BaseAdapter
 Methods: 13
  areAllItemsEnabled | 
  getAutofillOptions | 
  getDropDownView | position, convertView, parent
  getItemViewType | position
  getViewTypeCount | 
  hasStableIds | 
  isEmpty | 
  isEnabled | position
  notifyDataSetChanged | 
  notifyDataSetInvalidated | 
  registerDataSetObserver | observer
  setAutofillOptions | options
  unregisterDataSetObserver | observer
android.widget.BaseExpandableListAdapter
 Methods: 14
  areAllItemsEnabled | 
  getChildType | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildTypeCount | 
  getCombinedChildId | groupId, childId
  getCombinedGroupId | groupId
  getGroupType | groupPosition
  getGroupTypeCount | 
  isEmpty | 
  notifyDataSetChanged | 
  notifyDataSetInvalidated | 
  onGroupCollapsed | groupPosition
  onGroupExpanded | groupPosition
  registerDataSetObserver | observer
  unregisterDataSetObserver | observer
android.widget.Button
 Methods: 2
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
android.widget.CalendarView
 Methods: 32
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getDate | 
  getDateTextAppearance | 
  getFirstDayOfWeek | 
  getFocusedMonthDateColor | 
  getMaxDate | 
  getMinDate | 
  getSelectedDateVerticalBar | 
  getSelectedWeekBackgroundColor | 
  getShowWeekNumber | 
  getShownWeekCount | 
  getUnfocusedMonthDateColor | 
  getWeekDayTextAppearance | 
  getWeekNumberColor | 
  getWeekSeparatorLineColor | 
  setDate | date, animate, center
  setDate | date
  setDateTextAppearance | resourceId
  setFirstDayOfWeek | firstDayOfWeek
  setFocusedMonthDateColor | color
  setMaxDate | maxDate
  setMinDate | minDate
  setOnDateChangeListener | listener
  setSelectedDateVerticalBar | resourceId
  setSelectedDateVerticalBar | drawable
  setSelectedWeekBackgroundColor | color
  setShowWeekNumber | showWeekNumber
  setShownWeekCount | count
  setUnfocusedMonthDateColor | color
  setWeekDayTextAppearance | resourceId
  setWeekNumberColor | color
  setWeekSeparatorLineColor | color
android.widget.CheckBox
 Methods: 1
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
android.widget.CheckedTextView
 Methods: 17
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getCheckMarkDrawable | 
  getCheckMarkTintList | 
  getCheckMarkTintMode | 
  isChecked | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  setCheckMarkDrawable | d
  setCheckMarkDrawable | resId
  setCheckMarkTintList | tint
  setCheckMarkTintMode | tintMode
  setChecked | checked
  setVisibility | visibility
  toggle | 
android.widget.Chronometer
 Methods: 13
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getBase | 
  getContentDescription | 
  getFormat | 
  getOnChronometerTickListener | 
  isCountDown | 
  isTheFinalCountDown | 
  setBase | base
  setCountDown | countDown
  setFormat | format
  setOnChronometerTickListener | listener
  start | 
  stop | 
android.widget.CompoundButton
 Methods: 23
  autofill | value
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getButtonDrawable | 
  getButtonTintList | 
  getButtonTintMode | 
  getCompoundPaddingLeft | 
  getCompoundPaddingRight | 
  isChecked | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  performClick | 
  setButtonDrawable | resId
  setButtonDrawable | drawable
  setButtonTintList | tint
  setButtonTintMode | tintMode
  setChecked | checked
  setOnCheckedChangeListener | listener
  toggle | 
android.widget.CursorAdapter
 Methods: 19
  bindView | view, context, cursor
  changeCursor | cursor
  convertToString | cursor
  getCount | 
  getCursor | 
  getDropDownView | position, convertView, parent
  getDropDownViewTheme | 
  getFilter | 
  getFilterQueryProvider | 
  getItem | position
  getItemId | position
  getView | position, convertView, parent
  hasStableIds | 
  newDropDownView | context, cursor, parent
  newView | context, cursor, parent
  runQueryOnBackgroundThread | constraint
  setDropDownViewTheme | theme
  setFilterQueryProvider | filterQueryProvider
  swapCursor | newCursor
android.widget.CursorTreeAdapter
 Methods: 23
  changeCursor | cursor
  convertToString | cursor
  getChild | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildId | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildView | groupPosition, childPosition, isLastChild, convertView, parent
  getChildrenCount | groupPosition
  getCursor | 
  getFilter | 
  getFilterQueryProvider | 
  getGroup | groupPosition
  getGroupCount | 
  getGroupId | groupPosition
  getGroupView | groupPosition, isExpanded, convertView, parent
  hasStableIds | 
  isChildSelectable | groupPosition, childPosition
  notifyDataSetChanged | 
  notifyDataSetChanged | releaseCursors
  notifyDataSetInvalidated | 
  onGroupCollapsed | groupPosition
  runQueryOnBackgroundThread | constraint
  setChildrenCursor | groupPosition, childrenCursor
  setFilterQueryProvider | filterQueryProvider
  setGroupCursor | cursor
android.widget.DatePicker
 Methods: 24
  autofill | value
  dispatchProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getCalendarView | 
  getCalendarViewShown | 
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getFirstDayOfWeek | 
  getMaxDate | 
  getMinDate | 
  getMonth | 
  getSpinnersShown | 
  getYear | 
  init | year, monthOfYear, dayOfMonth, onDateChangedListener
  isEnabled | 
  setCalendarViewShown | shown
  setEnabled | enabled
  setFirstDayOfWeek | firstDayOfWeek
  setMaxDate | maxDate
  setMinDate | minDate
  setOnDateChangedListener | onDateChangedListener
  setSpinnersShown | shown
  updateDate | year, month, dayOfMonth
android.widget.DialerFilter
 Methods: 14
  append | text
  clearText | 
  getDigits | 
  getFilterText | 
  getLetters | 
  getMode | 
  isQwertyKeyboard | 
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  removeFilterWatcher | watcher
  setDigitsWatcher | watcher
  setFilterWatcher | watcher
  setLettersWatcher | watcher
  setMode | newMode
android.widget.DigitalClock
 Methods: 1
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
android.widget.EdgeEffect
 Methods: 11
  draw | canvas
  finish | 
  getColor | 
  getMaxHeight | 
  isFinished | 
  onAbsorb | velocity
  onPull | deltaDistance
  onPull | deltaDistance, displacement
  onRelease | 
  setColor | color
  setSize | width, height
android.widget.EditText
 Methods: 9
  extendSelection | index
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getFreezesText | 
  getText | 
  selectAll | 
  setEllipsize | ellipsis
  setSelection | start, stop
  setSelection | index
  setText | text, type
android.widget.ExpandableListView
 Methods: 36
  collapseGroup | groupPos
  expandGroup | groupPos
  expandGroup | groupPos, animate
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getExpandableListAdapter | 
  getExpandableListPosition | flatListPosition
  getFlatListPosition | packedPosition
  getPackedPositionChild | packedPosition
  getPackedPositionForChild | groupPosition, childPosition
  getPackedPositionForGroup | groupPosition
  getPackedPositionGroup | packedPosition
  getPackedPositionType | packedPosition
  getSelectedId | 
  getSelectedPosition | 
  isGroupExpanded | groupPosition
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  performItemClick | v, position, id
  setAdapter | adapter
  setAdapter | adapter
  setChildDivider | childDivider
  setChildIndicator | childIndicator
  setChildIndicatorBounds | left, right
  setChildIndicatorBoundsRelative | start, end
  setGroupIndicator | groupIndicator
  setIndicatorBounds | left, right
  setIndicatorBoundsRelative | start, end
  setOnChildClickListener | onChildClickListener
  setOnGroupClickListener | onGroupClickListener
  setOnGroupCollapseListener | onGroupCollapseListener
  setOnGroupExpandListener | onGroupExpandListener
  setOnItemClickListener | l
  setSelectedChild | groupPosition, childPosition, shouldExpandGroup
  setSelectedGroup | groupPosition
android.widget.ExpandableListView$ExpandableListContextMenuInfo
 Methods: 0
android.widget.Filter
 Methods: 3
  convertResultToString | resultValue
  filter | constraint
  filter | constraint, listener
android.widget.Filter$FilterResults
 Methods: 0
android.widget.FrameLayout
 Methods: 7
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getConsiderGoneChildrenWhenMeasuring | 
  getMeasureAllChildren | 
  setForegroundGravity | foregroundGravity
  setMeasureAllChildren | measureAll
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
android.widget.FrameLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.Gallery
 Methods: 22
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  dispatchSetSelected | selected
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onDown | e
  onFling | e1, e2, velocityX, velocityY
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  onLongPress | e
  onScroll | e1, e2, distanceX, distanceY
  onShowPress | e
  onSingleTapUp | e
  onTouchEvent | event
  setAnimationDuration | animationDurationMillis
  setCallbackDuringFling | shouldCallback
  setGravity | gravity
  setSpacing | spacing
  setUnselectedAlpha | unselectedAlpha
  showContextMenu | 
  showContextMenu | x, y
  showContextMenuForChild | originalView
  showContextMenuForChild | originalView, x, y
android.widget.Gallery$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.GridLayout
 Methods: 27
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAlignmentMode | 
  getColumnCount | 
  getOrientation | 
  getRowCount | 
  getUseDefaultMargins | 
  isColumnOrderPreserved | 
  isRowOrderPreserved | 
  onViewAdded | child
  onViewRemoved | child
  requestLayout | 
  setAlignmentMode | alignmentMode
  setColumnCount | columnCount
  setColumnOrderPreserved | columnOrderPreserved
  setOrientation | orientation
  setRowCount | rowCount
  setRowOrderPreserved | rowOrderPreserved
  setUseDefaultMargins | useDefaultMargins
  spec | start, weight
  spec | start
  spec | start, size, alignment, weight
  spec | start, alignment, weight
  spec | start, size, alignment
  spec | start, alignment
  spec | start, size, weight
  spec | start, size
android.widget.GridLayout$Alignment
 Methods: 0
android.widget.GridLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 3
  equals | o
  hashCode | 
  setGravity | gravity
android.widget.GridLayout$Spec
 Methods: 2
  equals | that
  hashCode | 
android.widget.GridView
 Methods: 25
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getColumnWidth | 
  getGravity | 
  getHorizontalSpacing | 
  getNumColumns | 
  getRequestedColumnWidth | 
  getRequestedHorizontalSpacing | 
  getStretchMode | 
  getVerticalSpacing | 
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem | view, position, info
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyMultiple | keyCode, repeatCount, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  setAdapter | adapter
  setColumnWidth | columnWidth
  setGravity | gravity
  setHorizontalSpacing | horizontalSpacing
  setNumColumns | numColumns
  setRemoteViewsAdapter | intent
  setSelection | position
  setStretchMode | stretchMode
  setVerticalSpacing | verticalSpacing
  smoothScrollByOffset | offset
  smoothScrollToPosition | position
android.widget.HeaderViewListAdapter
 Methods: 18
  areAllItemsEnabled | 
  getCount | 
  getFilter | 
  getFootersCount | 
  getHeadersCount | 
  getItem | position
  getItemId | position
  getItemViewType | position
  getView | position, convertView, parent
  getViewTypeCount | 
  getWrappedAdapter | 
  hasStableIds | 
  isEmpty | 
  isEnabled | position
  registerDataSetObserver | observer
  removeFooter | v
  removeHeader | v
  unregisterDataSetObserver | observer
android.widget.HorizontalScrollView
 Methods: 30
  addView | child, index
  addView | child
  addView | child, params
  addView | child, index, params
  arrowScroll | direction
  computeScroll | 
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  draw | canvas
  executeKeyEvent | event
  fling | velocityX
  fullScroll | direction
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getMaxScrollAmount | 
  isFillViewport | 
  isSmoothScrollingEnabled | 
  onGenericMotionEvent | event
  onInterceptTouchEvent | ev
  onTouchEvent | ev
  pageScroll | direction
  requestChildFocus | child, focused
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen | child, rectangle, immediate
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent | disallowIntercept
  requestLayout | 
  scrollTo | x, y
  setFillViewport | fillViewport
  setOverScrollMode | mode
  setSmoothScrollingEnabled | smoothScrollingEnabled
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
  smoothScrollBy | dx, dy
  smoothScrollTo | x, y
android.widget.ImageButton
 Methods: 2
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
android.widget.ImageSwitcher
 Methods: 4
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  setImageDrawable | drawable
  setImageResource | resid
  setImageURI | uri
android.widget.ImageView
 Methods: 47
  clearColorFilter | 
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdjustViewBounds | 
  getBaseline | 
  getBaselineAlignBottom | 
  getColorFilter | 
  getCropToPadding | 
  getDrawable | 
  getImageAlpha | 
  getImageMatrix | 
  getImageTintList | 
  getImageTintMode | 
  getMaxHeight | 
  getMaxWidth | 
  getScaleType | 
  hasOverlappingRendering | 
  invalidateDrawable | dr
  isOpaque | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onCreateDrawableState | extraSpace
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onVisibilityAggregated | isVisible
  setAdjustViewBounds | adjustViewBounds
  setAlpha | alpha
  setBaseline | baseline
  setBaselineAlignBottom | aligned
  setColorFilter | color, mode
  setColorFilter | cf
  setColorFilter | color
  setCropToPadding | cropToPadding
  setImageAlpha | alpha
  setImageBitmap | bm
  setImageDrawable | drawable
  setImageIcon | icon
  setImageLevel | level
  setImageMatrix | matrix
  setImageResource | resId
  setImageState | state, merge
  setImageTintList | tint
  setImageTintMode | tintMode
  setImageURI | uri
  setMaxHeight | maxHeight
  setMaxWidth | maxWidth
  setScaleType | scaleType
  setSelected | selected
  setVisibility | visibility
android.widget.LinearLayout
 Methods: 25
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getBaseline | 
  getBaselineAlignedChildIndex | 
  getDividerDrawable | 
  getDividerPadding | 
  getGravity | 
  getOrientation | 
  getShowDividers | 
  getWeightSum | 
  isBaselineAligned | 
  isMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled | 
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  setBaselineAligned | baselineAligned
  setBaselineAlignedChildIndex | i
  setDividerDrawable | divider
  setDividerPadding | padding
  setGravity | gravity
  setHorizontalGravity | horizontalGravity
  setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled | enabled
  setOrientation | orientation
  setShowDividers | showDividers
  setVerticalGravity | verticalGravity
  setWeightSum | weightSum
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
android.widget.LinearLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 1
  debug | output
android.widget.ListPopupWindow
 Methods: 48
  clearListSelection | 
  createDragToOpenListener | src
  dismiss | 
  getAnchorView | 
  getAnimationStyle | 
  getBackground | 
  getHeight | 
  getHorizontalOffset | 
  getInputMethodMode | 
  getListView | 
  getPromptPosition | 
  getSelectedItem | 
  getSelectedItemId | 
  getSelectedItemPosition | 
  getSelectedView | 
  getSoftInputMode | 
  getVerticalOffset | 
  getWidth | 
  isInputMethodNotNeeded | 
  isModal | 
  isShowing | 
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyPreIme | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  performItemClick | position
  postShow | 
  setAdapter | adapter
  setAnchorView | anchor
  setAnimationStyle | animationStyle
  setBackgroundDrawable | d
  setContentWidth | width
  setDropDownGravity | gravity
  setHeight | height
  setHorizontalOffset | offset
  setInputMethodMode | mode
  setListSelector | selector
  setModal | modal
  setOnDismissListener | listener
  setOnItemClickListener | clickListener
  setOnItemSelectedListener | selectedListener
  setPromptPosition | position
  setPromptView | prompt
  setSelection | position
  setSoftInputMode | mode
  setVerticalOffset | offset
  setWidth | width
  setWindowLayoutType | layoutType
  show | 
android.widget.ListView
 Methods: 40
  addFooterView | v, data, isSelectable
  addFooterView | v
  addHeaderView | v, data, isSelectable
  addHeaderView | v
  areFooterDividersEnabled | 
  areHeaderDividersEnabled | 
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAdapter | 
  getCheckItemIds | 
  getDivider | 
  getDividerHeight | 
  getFooterViewsCount | 
  getHeaderViewsCount | 
  getItemsCanFocus | 
  getMaxScrollAmount | 
  getOverscrollFooter | 
  getOverscrollHeader | 
  isOpaque | 
  onInitializeAccessibilityNodeInfoForItem | view, position, info
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyMultiple | keyCode, repeatCount, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  removeFooterView | v
  removeHeaderView | v
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen | child, rect, immediate
  setAdapter | adapter
  setCacheColorHint | color
  setDivider | divider
  setDividerHeight | height
  setFooterDividersEnabled | footerDividersEnabled
  setHeaderDividersEnabled | headerDividersEnabled
  setItemsCanFocus | itemsCanFocus
  setOverscrollFooter | footer
  setOverscrollHeader | header
  setRemoteViewsAdapter | intent
  setSelection | position
  setSelectionAfterHeaderView | 
  smoothScrollByOffset | offset
  smoothScrollToPosition | position
android.widget.ListView$FixedViewInfo
 Methods: 0
android.widget.MediaController
 Methods: 13
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  hide | 
  isShowing | 
  onFinishInflate | 
  onTouchEvent | event
  onTrackballEvent | ev
  setAnchorView | view
  setEnabled | enabled
  setMediaPlayer | player
  setPrevNextListeners | next, prev
  show | timeout
  show | 
android.widget.MultiAutoCompleteTextView
 Methods: 4
  enoughToFilter | 
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  performValidation | 
  setTokenizer | t
android.widget.MultiAutoCompleteTextView$CommaTokenizer
 Methods: 3
  findTokenEnd | text, cursor
  findTokenStart | text, cursor
  terminateToken | text
android.widget.NumberPicker
 Methods: 27
  computeScroll | 
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  dispatchTouchEvent | event
  dispatchTrackballEvent | event
  getAccessibilityNodeProvider | 
  getDisplayedValues | 
  getMaxValue | 
  getMinValue | 
  getSolidColor | 
  getValue | 
  getWrapSelectorWheel | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onInterceptTouchEvent | event
  onTouchEvent | event
  performClick | 
  performLongClick | 
  scrollBy | x, y
  setDisplayedValues | displayedValues
  setEnabled | enabled
  setFormatter | formatter
  setMaxValue | maxValue
  setMinValue | minValue
  setOnLongPressUpdateInterval | intervalMillis
  setOnScrollListener | onScrollListener
  setOnValueChangedListener | onValueChangedListener
  setValue | value
  setWrapSelectorWheel | wrapSelectorWheel
android.widget.OverScroller
 Methods: 20
  abortAnimation | 
  computeScrollOffset | 
  fling | startX, startY, velocityX, velocityY, minX, maxX, minY, maxY
  fling | startX, startY, velocityX, velocityY, minX, maxX, minY, maxY, overX, overY
  forceFinished | finished
  getCurrVelocity | 
  getCurrX | 
  getCurrY | 
  getFinalX | 
  getFinalY | 
  getStartX | 
  getStartY | 
  isFinished | 
  isOverScrolled | 
  notifyHorizontalEdgeReached | startX, finalX, overX
  notifyVerticalEdgeReached | startY, finalY, overY
  setFriction | friction
  springBack | startX, startY, minX, maxX, minY, maxY
  startScroll | startX, startY, dx, dy, duration
  startScroll | startX, startY, dx, dy
android.widget.PopupMenu
 Methods: 10
  dismiss | 
  getDragToOpenListener | 
  getGravity | 
  getMenu | 
  getMenuInflater | 
  inflate | menuRes
  setGravity | gravity
  setOnDismissListener | listener
  setOnMenuItemClickListener | listener
  show | 
android.widget.PopupWindow
 Methods: 56
  dismiss | 
  getAnimationStyle | 
  getBackground | 
  getContentView | 
  getElevation | 
  getEnterTransition | 
  getExitTransition | 
  getHeight | 
  getInputMethodMode | 
  getMaxAvailableHeight | anchor
  getMaxAvailableHeight | anchor, yOffset
  getMaxAvailableHeight | anchor, yOffset, ignoreBottomDecorations
  getOverlapAnchor | 
  getSoftInputMode | 
  getWidth | 
  getWindowLayoutType | 
  isAboveAnchor | 
  isAttachedInDecor | 
  isClippingEnabled | 
  isFocusable | 
  isOutsideTouchable | 
  isShowing | 
  isSplitTouchEnabled | 
  isTouchable | 
  setAnimationStyle | animationStyle
  setAttachedInDecor | enabled
  setBackgroundDrawable | background
  setClippingEnabled | enabled
  setContentView | contentView
  setElevation | elevation
  setEnterTransition | enterTransition
  setExitTransition | exitTransition
  setFocusable | focusable
  setHeight | height
  setIgnoreCheekPress | 
  setInputMethodMode | mode
  setOnDismissListener | onDismissListener
  setOutsideTouchable | touchable
  setOverlapAnchor | overlapAnchor
  setSoftInputMode | mode
  setSplitTouchEnabled | enabled
  setTouchInterceptor | l
  setTouchable | touchable
  setWidth | width
  setWindowLayoutMode | widthSpec, heightSpec
  setWindowLayoutType | layoutType
  showAsDropDown | anchor
  showAsDropDown | anchor, xoff, yoff, gravity
  showAsDropDown | anchor, xoff, yoff
  showAtLocation | parent, gravity, x, y
  update | anchor, width, height
  update | anchor, xoff, yoff, width, height
  update | width, height
  update | 
  update | x, y, width, height, force
  update | x, y, width, height
android.widget.ProgressBar
 Methods: 47
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getIndeterminateDrawable | 
  getIndeterminateTintList | 
  getIndeterminateTintMode | 
  getInterpolator | 
  getMax | 
  getMin | 
  getProgress | 
  getProgressBackgroundTintList | 
  getProgressBackgroundTintMode | 
  getProgressDrawable | 
  getProgressTintList | 
  getProgressTintMode | 
  getSecondaryProgress | 
  getSecondaryProgressTintList | 
  getSecondaryProgressTintMode | 
  incrementProgressBy | diff
  incrementSecondaryProgressBy | diff
  invalidateDrawable | dr
  isAnimating | 
  isIndeterminate | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  onVisibilityAggregated | isVisible
  postInvalidate | 
  setIndeterminate | indeterminate
  setIndeterminateDrawable | d
  setIndeterminateDrawableTiled | d
  setIndeterminateTintList | tint
  setIndeterminateTintMode | tintMode
  setInterpolator | interpolator
  setInterpolator | context, resID
  setMax | max
  setMin | min
  setProgress | progress
  setProgress | progress, animate
  setProgressBackgroundTintList | tint
  setProgressBackgroundTintMode | tintMode
  setProgressDrawable | d
  setProgressDrawableTiled | d
  setProgressTintList | tint
  setProgressTintMode | tintMode
  setSecondaryProgress | secondaryProgress
  setSecondaryProgressTintList | tint
  setSecondaryProgressTintMode | tintMode
android.widget.QuickContactBadge
 Methods: 13
  assignContactFromEmail | emailAddress, lazyLookup, extras
  assignContactFromEmail | emailAddress, lazyLookup
  assignContactFromPhone | phoneNumber, lazyLookup
  assignContactFromPhone | phoneNumber, lazyLookup, extras
  assignContactUri | contactUri
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onClick | v
  setExcludeMimes | excludeMimes
  setImageToDefault | 
  setMode | size
  setOverlay | overlay
  setPrioritizedMimeType | prioritizedMimeType
android.widget.RadioButton
 Methods: 2
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  toggle | 
android.widget.RadioGroup
 Methods: 12
  addView | child, index, params
  autofill | value
  check | id
  clearCheck | 
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getCheckedRadioButtonId | 
  onProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  setOnCheckedChangeListener | listener
  setOnHierarchyChangeListener | listener
android.widget.RadioGroup$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.RatingBar
 Methods: 12
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getNumStars | 
  getOnRatingBarChangeListener | 
  getRating | 
  getStepSize | 
  isIndicator | 
  setIsIndicator | isIndicator
  setMax | max
  setNumStars | numStars
  setOnRatingBarChangeListener | listener
  setRating | rating
  setStepSize | stepSize
android.widget.RelativeLayout
 Methods: 10
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getBaseline | 
  getGravity | 
  requestLayout | 
  setGravity | gravity
  setHorizontalGravity | horizontalGravity
  setIgnoreGravity | viewId
  setVerticalGravity | verticalGravity
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
android.widget.RelativeLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 7
  addRule | verb, subject
  addRule | verb
  debug | output
  getRule | verb
  getRules | 
  removeRule | verb
  resolveLayoutDirection | layoutDirection
android.widget.RemoteViews
 Methods: 54
  addView | viewId, nestedView
  apply | context, parent
  clone | 
  describeContents | 
  getLayoutId | 
  getPackage | 
  onLoadClass | clazz
  reapply | context, v
  removeAllViews | viewId
  setAccessibilityTraversalAfter | viewId, nextId
  setAccessibilityTraversalBefore | viewId, nextId
  setBitmap | viewId, methodName, value
  setBoolean | viewId, methodName, value
  setBundle | viewId, methodName, value
  setByte | viewId, methodName, value
  setChar | viewId, methodName, value
  setCharSequence | viewId, methodName, value
  setChronometer | viewId, base, format, started
  setChronometerCountDown | viewId, isCountDown
  setContentDescription | viewId, contentDescription
  setDisplayedChild | viewId, childIndex
  setDouble | viewId, methodName, value
  setEmptyView | viewId, emptyViewId
  setFloat | viewId, methodName, value
  setIcon | viewId, methodName, value
  setImageViewBitmap | viewId, bitmap
  setImageViewIcon | viewId, icon
  setImageViewResource | viewId, srcId
  setImageViewUri | viewId, uri
  setInt | viewId, methodName, value
  setIntent | viewId, methodName, value
  setLabelFor | viewId, labeledId
  setLong | viewId, methodName, value
  setOnClickFillInIntent | viewId, fillInIntent
  setOnClickPendingIntent | viewId, pendingIntent
  setPendingIntentTemplate | viewId, pendingIntentTemplate
  setProgressBar | viewId, max, progress, indeterminate
  setRelativeScrollPosition | viewId, offset
  setRemoteAdapter | appWidgetId, viewId, intent
  setRemoteAdapter | viewId, intent
  setScrollPosition | viewId, position
  setShort | viewId, methodName, value
  setString | viewId, methodName, value
  setTextColor | viewId, color
  setTextViewCompoundDrawables | viewId, left, top, right, bottom
  setTextViewCompoundDrawablesRelative | viewId, start, top, end, bottom
  setTextViewText | viewId, text
  setTextViewTextSize | viewId, units, size
  setUri | viewId, methodName, value
  setViewPadding | viewId, left, top, right, bottom
  setViewVisibility | viewId, visibility
  showNext | viewId
  showPrevious | viewId
  writeToParcel | dest, flags
android.widget.RemoteViewsService
 Methods: 2
  onBind | intent
  onGetViewFactory | intent
android.widget.ResourceCursorAdapter
 Methods: 5
  newDropDownView | context, cursor, parent
  newView | context, cursor, parent
  setDropDownViewResource | dropDownLayout
  setDropDownViewTheme | theme
  setViewResource | layout
android.widget.ResourceCursorTreeAdapter
 Methods: 2
  newChildView | context, cursor, isLastChild, parent
  newGroupView | context, cursor, isExpanded, parent
android.widget.Scroller
 Methods: 20
  abortAnimation | 
  computeScrollOffset | 
  extendDuration | extend
  fling | startX, startY, velocityX, velocityY, minX, maxX, minY, maxY
  forceFinished | finished
  getCurrVelocity | 
  getCurrX | 
  getCurrY | 
  getDuration | 
  getFinalX | 
  getFinalY | 
  getStartX | 
  getStartY | 
  isFinished | 
  setFinalX | newX
  setFinalY | newY
  setFriction | friction
  startScroll | startX, startY, dx, dy, duration
  startScroll | startX, startY, dx, dy
  timePassed | 
android.widget.ScrollView
 Methods: 35
  addView | child, index
  addView | child, params
  addView | child, index, params
  addView | child
  arrowScroll | direction
  computeScroll | 
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  draw | canvas
  executeKeyEvent | event
  fling | velocityY
  fullScroll | direction
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getMaxScrollAmount | 
  isFillViewport | 
  isSmoothScrollingEnabled | 
  onGenericMotionEvent | event
  onInterceptTouchEvent | ev
  onNestedFling | target, velocityX, velocityY, consumed
  onNestedScroll | target, dxConsumed, dyConsumed, dxUnconsumed, dyUnconsumed
  onNestedScrollAccepted | child, target, axes
  onStartNestedScroll | child, target, nestedScrollAxes
  onStopNestedScroll | target
  onTouchEvent | ev
  pageScroll | direction
  requestChildFocus | child, focused
  requestChildRectangleOnScreen | child, rectangle, immediate
  requestDisallowInterceptTouchEvent | disallowIntercept
  requestLayout | 
  scrollTo | x, y
  setFillViewport | fillViewport
  setOverScrollMode | mode
  setSmoothScrollingEnabled | smoothScrollingEnabled
  shouldDelayChildPressedState | 
  smoothScrollBy | dx, dy
  smoothScrollTo | x, y
android.widget.SearchView
 Methods: 31
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getImeOptions | 
  getInputType | 
  getMaxWidth | 
  getQuery | 
  getQueryHint | 
  getSuggestionsAdapter | 
  isIconfiedByDefault | 
  isIconified | 
  isQueryRefinementEnabled | 
  isSubmitButtonEnabled | 
  onActionViewCollapsed | 
  onActionViewExpanded | 
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onWindowFocusChanged | hasWindowFocus
  setIconified | iconify
  setIconifiedByDefault | iconified
  setImeOptions | imeOptions
  setInputType | inputType
  setMaxWidth | maxpixels
  setOnCloseListener | listener
  setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener | listener
  setOnQueryTextListener | listener
  setOnSearchClickListener | listener
  setOnSuggestionListener | listener
  setQuery | query, submit
  setQueryHint | hint
  setQueryRefinementEnabled | enable
  setSearchableInfo | searchable
  setSubmitButtonEnabled | enabled
  setSuggestionsAdapter | adapter
android.widget.SeekBar
 Methods: 2
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  setOnSeekBarChangeListener | l
android.widget.ShareActionProvider
 Methods: 6
  hasSubMenu | 
  onCreateActionView | 
  onPrepareSubMenu | subMenu
  setOnShareTargetSelectedListener | listener
  setShareHistoryFileName | shareHistoryFile
  setShareIntent | shareIntent
android.widget.SimpleAdapter
 Methods: 14
  getCount | 
  getDropDownView | position, convertView, parent
  getDropDownViewTheme | 
  getFilter | 
  getItem | position
  getItemId | position
  getView | position, convertView, parent
  getViewBinder | 
  setDropDownViewResource | resource
  setDropDownViewTheme | theme
  setViewBinder | viewBinder
  setViewImage | v, value
  setViewImage | v, value
  setViewText | v, text
android.widget.SimpleCursorAdapter
 Methods: 12
  bindView | view, context, cursor
  changeCursorAndColumns | c, from, to
  convertToString | cursor
  getCursorToStringConverter | 
  getStringConversionColumn | 
  getViewBinder | 
  setCursorToStringConverter | cursorToStringConverter
  setStringConversionColumn | stringConversionColumn
  setViewBinder | viewBinder
  setViewImage | v, value
  setViewText | v, text
  swapCursor | c
android.widget.SimpleCursorTreeAdapter
 Methods: 3
  getViewBinder | 
  setViewBinder | viewBinder
  setViewText | v, text
android.widget.SimpleExpandableListAdapter
 Methods: 12
  getChild | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildId | groupPosition, childPosition
  getChildView | groupPosition, childPosition, isLastChild, convertView, parent
  getChildrenCount | groupPosition
  getGroup | groupPosition
  getGroupCount | 
  getGroupId | groupPosition
  getGroupView | groupPosition, isExpanded, convertView, parent
  hasStableIds | 
  isChildSelectable | groupPosition, childPosition
  newChildView | isLastChild, parent
  newGroupView | isExpanded, parent
android.widget.SlidingDrawer
 Methods: 18
  animateClose | 
  animateOpen | 
  animateToggle | 
  close | 
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getContent | 
  getHandle | 
  isMoving | 
  isOpened | 
  lock | 
  onInterceptTouchEvent | event
  onTouchEvent | event
  open | 
  setOnDrawerCloseListener | onDrawerCloseListener
  setOnDrawerOpenListener | onDrawerOpenListener
  setOnDrawerScrollListener | onDrawerScrollListener
  toggle | 
  unlock | 
android.widget.Space
 Methods: 1
  draw | canvas
android.widget.Spinner
 Methods: 26
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getBaseline | 
  getDropDownHorizontalOffset | 
  getDropDownVerticalOffset | 
  getDropDownWidth | 
  getGravity | 
  getPopupBackground | 
  getPopupContext | 
  getPrompt | 
  onClick | dialog, which
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  onTouchEvent | event
  performClick | 
  setAdapter | adapter
  setDropDownHorizontalOffset | pixels
  setDropDownVerticalOffset | pixels
  setDropDownWidth | pixels
  setEnabled | enabled
  setGravity | gravity
  setOnItemClickListener | l
  setPopupBackgroundDrawable | background
  setPopupBackgroundResource | resId
  setPrompt | prompt
  setPromptId | promptId
android.widget.StackView
 Methods: 7
  advance | 
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onGenericMotionEvent | event
  onInterceptTouchEvent | ev
  onTouchEvent | ev
  showNext | 
  showPrevious | 
android.widget.Switch
 Methods: 43
  draw | c
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getCompoundPaddingLeft | 
  getCompoundPaddingRight | 
  getShowText | 
  getSplitTrack | 
  getSwitchMinWidth | 
  getSwitchPadding | 
  getTextOff | 
  getTextOn | 
  getThumbDrawable | 
  getThumbTextPadding | 
  getThumbTintList | 
  getThumbTintMode | 
  getTrackDrawable | 
  getTrackTintList | 
  getTrackTintMode | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  onMeasure | widthMeasureSpec, heightMeasureSpec
  onProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  onProvideStructure | structure
  onTouchEvent | ev
  setChecked | checked
  setShowText | showText
  setSplitTrack | splitTrack
  setSwitchMinWidth | pixels
  setSwitchPadding | pixels
  setSwitchTextAppearance | context, resid
  setSwitchTypeface | tf
  setSwitchTypeface | tf, style
  setTextOff | textOff
  setTextOn | textOn
  setThumbDrawable | thumb
  setThumbResource | resId
  setThumbTextPadding | pixels
  setThumbTintList | tint
  setThumbTintMode | tintMode
  setTrackDrawable | track
  setTrackResource | resId
  setTrackTintList | tint
  setTrackTintMode | tintMode
  toggle | 
android.widget.TabHost
 Methods: 18
  addTab | tabSpec
  clearAllTabs | 
  dispatchKeyEvent | event
  dispatchWindowFocusChanged | hasFocus
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getCurrentTab | 
  getCurrentTabTag | 
  getCurrentTabView | 
  getCurrentView | 
  getTabContentView | 
  getTabWidget | 
  newTabSpec | tag
  onTouchModeChanged | isInTouchMode
  setCurrentTab | index
  setCurrentTabByTag | tag
  setOnTabChangedListener | l
  setup | 
  setup | activityGroup
android.widget.TabHost$TabSpec
 Methods: 7
  getTag | 
  setContent | intent
  setContent | contentFactory
  setContent | viewId
  setIndicator | view
  setIndicator | label
  setIndicator | label, icon
android.widget.TableLayout
 Methods: 18
  addView | child, index
  addView | child, params
  addView | child
  addView | child, index, params
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  isColumnCollapsed | columnIndex
  isColumnShrinkable | columnIndex
  isColumnStretchable | columnIndex
  isShrinkAllColumns | 
  isStretchAllColumns | 
  requestLayout | 
  setColumnCollapsed | columnIndex, isCollapsed
  setColumnShrinkable | columnIndex, isShrinkable
  setColumnStretchable | columnIndex, isStretchable
  setOnHierarchyChangeListener | listener
  setShrinkAllColumns | shrinkAllColumns
  setStretchAllColumns | stretchAllColumns
android.widget.TableLayout$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.TableRow
 Methods: 5
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getVirtualChildAt | i
  getVirtualChildCount | 
  setOnHierarchyChangeListener | listener
android.widget.TableRow$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.TabWidget
 Methods: 22
  addView | child
  childDrawableStateChanged | child
  dispatchDraw | canvas
  focusCurrentTab | index
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getChildTabViewAt | index
  getLeftStripDrawable | 
  getRightStripDrawable | 
  getTabCount | 
  isStripEnabled | 
  onFocusChange | v, hasFocus
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
  removeAllViews | 
  setCurrentTab | index
  setDividerDrawable | resId
  setDividerDrawable | drawable
  setEnabled | enabled
  setLeftStripDrawable | drawable
  setLeftStripDrawable | resId
  setRightStripDrawable | resId
  setRightStripDrawable | drawable
  setStripEnabled | stripEnabled
android.widget.TextClock
 Methods: 8
  getFormat12Hour | 
  getFormat24Hour | 
  getTimeZone | 
  is24HourModeEnabled | 
  onVisibilityAggregated | isVisible
  setFormat12Hour | format
  setFormat24Hour | format
  setTimeZone | timeZone
android.widget.TextSwitcher
 Methods: 4
  addView | child, index, params
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  setCurrentText | text
  setText | text
android.widget.TextView
 Methods: 252
  addExtraDataToAccessibilityNodeInfo | info, extraDataKey, arguments
  addTextChangedListener | watcher
  append | text
  append | text, start, end
  autofill | value
  beginBatchEdit | 
  bringPointIntoView | offset
  cancelLongPress | 
  clearComposingText | 
  computeScroll | 
  debug | depth
  didTouchFocusSelect | 
  drawableHotspotChanged | x, y
  endBatchEdit | 
  extractText | request, outText
  findViewsWithText | outViews, searched, flags
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAutoLinkMask | 
  getAutoSizeMaxTextSize | 
  getAutoSizeMinTextSize | 
  getAutoSizeStepGranularity | 
  getAutoSizeTextAvailableSizes | 
  getAutoSizeTextType | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getBaseline | 
  getBreakStrategy | 
  getCompoundDrawablePadding | 
  getCompoundDrawableTintList | 
  getCompoundDrawableTintMode | 
  getCompoundDrawables | 
  getCompoundDrawablesRelative | 
  getCompoundPaddingBottom | 
  getCompoundPaddingEnd | 
  getCompoundPaddingLeft | 
  getCompoundPaddingRight | 
  getCompoundPaddingStart | 
  getCompoundPaddingTop | 
  getCurrentHintTextColor | 
  getCurrentTextColor | 
  getCustomInsertionActionModeCallback | 
  getCustomSelectionActionModeCallback | 
  getEditableText | 
  getEllipsize | 
  getError | 
  getExtendedPaddingBottom | 
  getExtendedPaddingTop | 
  getFilters | 
  getFocusedRect | r
  getFontFeatureSettings | 
  getFontVariationSettings | 
  getFreezesText | 
  getGravity | 
  getHighlightColor | 
  getHint | 
  getHintTextColors | 
  getHyphenationFrequency | 
  getImeActionId | 
  getImeActionLabel | 
  getImeHintLocales | 
  getImeOptions | 
  getIncludeFontPadding | 
  getInputExtras | create
  getInputType | 
  getJustificationMode | 
  getKeyListener | 
  getLayout | 
  getLetterSpacing | 
  getLineBounds | line, bounds
  getLineCount | 
  getLineHeight | 
  getLineSpacingExtra | 
  getLineSpacingMultiplier | 
  getLinkTextColors | 
  getLinksClickable | 
  getMarqueeRepeatLimit | 
  getMaxEms | 
  getMaxHeight | 
  getMaxLines | 
  getMaxWidth | 
  getMinEms | 
  getMinHeight | 
  getMinLines | 
  getMinWidth | 
  getMovementMethod | 
  getOffsetForPosition | x, y
  getPaint | 
  getPaintFlags | 
  getPrivateImeOptions | 
  getSelectionEnd | 
  getSelectionStart | 
  getShadowColor | 
  getShadowDx | 
  getShadowDy | 
  getShadowRadius | 
  getShowSoftInputOnFocus | 
  getText | 
  getTextClassifier | 
  getTextColors | 
  getTextLocale | 
  getTextLocales | 
  getTextScaleX | 
  getTextSize | 
  getTotalPaddingBottom | 
  getTotalPaddingEnd | 
  getTotalPaddingLeft | 
  getTotalPaddingRight | 
  getTotalPaddingStart | 
  getTotalPaddingTop | 
  getTransformationMethod | 
  getTypeface | 
  getUrls | 
  hasOverlappingRendering | 
  hasSelection | 
  invalidateDrawable | drawable
  isCursorVisible | 
  isInputMethodTarget | 
  isSuggestionsEnabled | 
  isTextSelectable | 
  jumpDrawablesToCurrentState | 
  length | 
  moveCursorToVisibleOffset | 
  onBeginBatchEdit | 
  onCheckIsTextEditor | 
  onCommitCompletion | text
  onCommitCorrection | info
  onCreateInputConnection | outAttrs
  onDragEvent | event
  onEditorAction | actionCode
  onEndBatchEdit | 
  onGenericMotionEvent | event
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onKeyMultiple | keyCode, repeatCount, event
  onKeyPreIme | keyCode, event
  onKeyShortcut | keyCode, event
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  onPreDraw | 
  onPrivateIMECommand | action, data
  onProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  onProvideStructure | structure
  onResolvePointerIcon | event, pointerIndex
  onRestoreInstanceState | state
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onSaveInstanceState | 
  onScreenStateChanged | screenState
  onTextContextMenuItem | id
  onTouchEvent | event
  onTrackballEvent | event
  onWindowFocusChanged | hasWindowFocus
  performLongClick | 
  removeTextChangedListener | watcher
  setAllCaps | allCaps
  setAutoLinkMask | mask
  setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithConfiguration | autoSizeMinTextSize, autoSizeMaxTextSize, autoSizeStepGranularity, unit
  setAutoSizeTextTypeUniformWithPresetSizes | presetSizes, unit
  setAutoSizeTextTypeWithDefaults | autoSizeTextType
  setBreakStrategy | breakStrategy
  setCompoundDrawablePadding | pad
  setCompoundDrawableTintList | tint
  setCompoundDrawableTintMode | tintMode
  setCompoundDrawables | left, top, right, bottom
  setCompoundDrawablesRelative | start, top, end, bottom
  setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds | start, top, end, bottom
  setCompoundDrawablesRelativeWithIntrinsicBounds | start, top, end, bottom
  setCompoundDrawablesWithIntrinsicBounds | left, top, right, bottom
  setCompoundDrawablesWithIntrinsicBounds | left, top, right, bottom
  setCursorVisible | visible
  setCustomInsertionActionModeCallback | actionModeCallback
  setCustomSelectionActionModeCallback | actionModeCallback
  setEditableFactory | factory
  setElegantTextHeight | elegant
  setEllipsize | where
  setEms | ems
  setEnabled | enabled
  setError | error
  setError | error, icon
  setExtractedText | text
  setFilters | filters
  setFontFeatureSettings | fontFeatureSettings
  setFontVariationSettings | fontVariationSettings
  setFreezesText | freezesText
  setGravity | gravity
  setHeight | pixels
  setHighlightColor | color
  setHint | hint
  setHint | resid
  setHintTextColor | colors
  setHintTextColor | color
  setHorizontallyScrolling | whether
  setHyphenationFrequency | hyphenationFrequency
  setImeActionLabel | label, actionId
  setImeHintLocales | hintLocales
  setImeOptions | imeOptions
  setIncludeFontPadding | includepad
  setInputExtras | xmlResId
  setInputType | type
  setJustificationMode | justificationMode
  setKeyListener | input
  setLetterSpacing | letterSpacing
  setLineSpacing | add, mult
  setLines | lines
  setLinkTextColor | colors
  setLinkTextColor | color
  setLinksClickable | whether
  setMarqueeRepeatLimit | marqueeLimit
  setMaxEms | maxEms
  setMaxHeight | maxPixels
  setMaxLines | maxLines
  setMaxWidth | maxPixels
  setMinEms | minEms
  setMinHeight | minPixels
  setMinLines | minLines
  setMinWidth | minPixels
  setMovementMethod | movement
  setOnEditorActionListener | l
  setPadding | left, top, right, bottom
  setPaddingRelative | start, top, end, bottom
  setPaintFlags | flags
  setPrivateImeOptions | type
  setRawInputType | type
  setScroller | s
  setSelectAllOnFocus | selectAllOnFocus
  setSelected | selected
  setShadowLayer | radius, dx, dy, color
  setShowSoftInputOnFocus | show
  setSingleLine | singleLine
  setSingleLine | 
  setSpannableFactory | factory
  setText | resid
  setText | text
  setText | text, type
  setText | resid, type
  setText | text, start, len
  setTextAppearance | context, resId
  setTextAppearance | resId
  setTextClassifier | textClassifier
  setTextColor | color
  setTextColor | colors
  setTextIsSelectable | selectable
  setTextKeepState | text
  setTextKeepState | text, type
  setTextLocale | locale
  setTextLocales | locales
  setTextScaleX | size
  setTextSize | unit, size
  setTextSize | size
  setTransformationMethod | method
  setTypeface | tf
  setTypeface | tf, style
  setWidth | pixels
  showContextMenu | 
  showContextMenu | x, y
android.widget.TextView$SavedState
 Methods: 2
  toString | 
  writeToParcel | out, flags
android.widget.TimePicker
 Methods: 20
  autofill | value
  dispatchProvideAutofillStructure | structure, flags
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAutofillType | 
  getAutofillValue | 
  getBaseline | 
  getCurrentHour | 
  getCurrentMinute | 
  getHour | 
  getMinute | 
  is24HourView | 
  isEnabled | 
  setCurrentHour | currentHour
  setCurrentMinute | currentMinute
  setEnabled | enabled
  setHour | hour
  setIs24HourView | is24HourView
  setMinute | minute
  setOnTimeChangedListener | onTimeChangedListener
  validateInput | 
android.widget.Toast
 Methods: 17
  cancel | 
  getDuration | 
  getGravity | 
  getHorizontalMargin | 
  getVerticalMargin | 
  getView | 
  getXOffset | 
  getYOffset | 
  makeText | context, resId, duration
  makeText | context, text, duration
  setDuration | duration
  setGravity | gravity, xOffset, yOffset
  setMargin | horizontalMargin, verticalMargin
  setText | resId
  setText | s
  setView | view
  show | 
android.widget.ToggleButton
 Methods: 7
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getTextOff | 
  getTextOn | 
  setBackgroundDrawable | d
  setChecked | checked
  setTextOff | textOff
  setTextOn | textOn
android.widget.Toolbar
 Methods: 62
  collapseActionView | 
  dismissPopupMenus | 
  generateLayoutParams | attrs
  getContentInsetEnd | 
  getContentInsetEndWithActions | 
  getContentInsetLeft | 
  getContentInsetRight | 
  getContentInsetStart | 
  getContentInsetStartWithNavigation | 
  getCurrentContentInsetEnd | 
  getCurrentContentInsetLeft | 
  getCurrentContentInsetRight | 
  getCurrentContentInsetStart | 
  getLogo | 
  getLogoDescription | 
  getMenu | 
  getNavigationContentDescription | 
  getNavigationIcon | 
  getOverflowIcon | 
  getPopupTheme | 
  getSubtitle | 
  getTitle | 
  getTitleMarginBottom | 
  getTitleMarginEnd | 
  getTitleMarginStart | 
  getTitleMarginTop | 
  hasExpandedActionView | 
  hideOverflowMenu | 
  inflateMenu | resId
  isOverflowMenuShowing | 
  onRtlPropertiesChanged | layoutDirection
  onTouchEvent | ev
  setContentInsetEndWithActions | insetEndWithActions
  setContentInsetStartWithNavigation | insetStartWithNavigation
  setContentInsetsAbsolute | contentInsetLeft, contentInsetRight
  setContentInsetsRelative | contentInsetStart, contentInsetEnd
  setLogo | resId
  setLogo | drawable
  setLogoDescription | resId
  setLogoDescription | description
  setNavigationContentDescription | description
  setNavigationContentDescription | resId
  setNavigationIcon | icon
  setNavigationIcon | resId
  setNavigationOnClickListener | listener
  setOnMenuItemClickListener | listener
  setOverflowIcon | icon
  setPopupTheme | resId
  setSubtitle | subtitle
  setSubtitle | resId
  setSubtitleTextAppearance | context, resId
  setSubtitleTextColor | color
  setTitle | title
  setTitle | resId
  setTitleMargin | start, top, end, bottom
  setTitleMarginBottom | margin
  setTitleMarginEnd | margin
  setTitleMarginStart | margin
  setTitleMarginTop | margin
  setTitleTextAppearance | context, resId
  setTitleTextColor | color
  showOverflowMenu | 
android.widget.Toolbar$LayoutParams
 Methods: 0
android.widget.TwoLineListItem
 Methods: 3
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getText1 | 
  getText2 | 
android.widget.VideoView
 Methods: 31
  addSubtitleSource | is, format
  canPause | 
  canSeekBackward | 
  canSeekForward | 
  draw | canvas
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAudioSessionId | 
  getBufferPercentage | 
  getCurrentPosition | 
  getDuration | 
  isPlaying | 
  onKeyDown | keyCode, event
  onTouchEvent | ev
  onTrackballEvent | ev
  pause | 
  resolveAdjustedSize | desiredSize, measureSpec
  resume | 
  seekTo | msec
  setAudioAttributes | attributes
  setAudioFocusRequest | focusGain
  setMediaController | controller
  setOnCompletionListener | l
  setOnErrorListener | l
  setOnInfoListener | l
  setOnPreparedListener | l
  setVideoPath | path
  setVideoURI | uri, , headers
  setVideoURI | uri
  start | 
  stopPlayback | 
  suspend | 
android.widget.ViewAnimator
 Methods: 22
  addView | child, index, params
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getAnimateFirstView | 
  getBaseline | 
  getCurrentView | 
  getDisplayedChild | 
  getInAnimation | 
  getOutAnimation | 
  removeAllViews | 
  removeView | view
  removeViewAt | index
  removeViewInLayout | view
  removeViews | start, count
  removeViewsInLayout | start, count
  setAnimateFirstView | animate
  setDisplayedChild | whichChild
  setInAnimation | context, resourceID
  setInAnimation | inAnimation
  setOutAnimation | outAnimation
  setOutAnimation | context, resourceID
  showNext | 
  showPrevious | 
android.widget.ViewFlipper
 Methods: 7
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  isAutoStart | 
  isFlipping | 
  setAutoStart | autoStart
  setFlipInterval | milliseconds
  startFlipping | 
  stopFlipping | 
android.widget.ViewSwitcher
 Methods: 5
  addView | child, index, params
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  getNextView | 
  reset | 
  setFactory | factory
android.widget.ZoomButton
 Methods: 7
  dispatchUnhandledMove | focused, direction
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  onKeyUp | keyCode, event
  onLongClick | v
  onTouchEvent | event
  setEnabled | enabled
  setZoomSpeed | speed
android.widget.ZoomButtonsController
 Methods: 11
  getContainer | 
  getZoomControls | 
  isAutoDismissed | 
  isVisible | 
  setAutoDismissed | autoDismiss
  setFocusable | focusable
  setOnZoomListener | listener
  setVisible | visible
  setZoomInEnabled | enabled
  setZoomOutEnabled | enabled
  setZoomSpeed | speed
android.widget.ZoomControls
 Methods: 10
  getAccessibilityClassName | 
  hasFocus | 
  hide | 
  onTouchEvent | event
  setIsZoomInEnabled | isEnabled
  setIsZoomOutEnabled | isEnabled
  setOnZoomInClickListener | listener
  setOnZoomOutClickListener | listener
  setZoomSpeed | speed
  show | 
android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
android.widget.TextView$BufferType
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
android.widget.RemoteViews$ActionException
 Methods: 0
com.android.internal.util.Predicate
 Methods: 1
  apply | t
dalvik.annotation.TestTarget
 Methods: 3
  conceptName | 
  methodArgs | 
  methodName | 
dalvik.annotation.TestTargetClass
 Methods: 1
  value | 
dalvik.bytecode.Opcodes
 Methods: 0
dalvik.bytecode.OpcodeInfo
 Methods: 0
dalvik.system.BaseDexClassLoader
 Methods: 2
  findLibrary | name
  toString | 
dalvik.system.DelegateLastClassLoader
 Methods: 2
  getResource | name
  getResources | name
dalvik.system.DexClassLoader
 Methods: 0
dalvik.system.DexFile
 Methods: 7
  close | 
  entries | 
  getName | 
  isDexOptNeeded | fileName
  loadClass | name, loader
  loadDex | sourcePathName, outputPathName, flags
  toString | 
dalvik.system.InMemoryDexClassLoader
 Methods: 0
dalvik.system.PathClassLoader
 Methods: 0
java.awt.font.NumericShaper
 Methods: 15
  equals | o
  getContextualShaper | ranges
  getContextualShaper | ranges, defaultContext
  getContextualShaper | ranges, defaultContext
  getContextualShaper | ranges
  getRangeSet | 
  getRanges | 
  getShaper | singleRange
  getShaper | singleRange
  hashCode | 
  isContextual | 
  shape | text, start, count
  shape | text, start, count, context
  shape | text, start, count, context
  toString | 
java.awt.font.TextAttribute
 Methods: 0
java.awt.font.NumericShaper$Range
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.beans.PropertyChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  propertyChange | evt
java.beans.IndexedPropertyChangeEvent
 Methods: 1
  getIndex | 
java.beans.PropertyChangeEvent
 Methods: 6
  getNewValue | 
  getOldValue | 
  getPropagationId | 
  getPropertyName | 
  setPropagationId | propagationId
  toString | 
java.beans.PropertyChangeListenerProxy
 Methods: 2
  getPropertyName | 
  propertyChange | event
java.beans.PropertyChangeSupport
 Methods: 14
  addPropertyChangeListener | listener
  addPropertyChangeListener | propertyName, listener
  fireIndexedPropertyChange | propertyName, index, oldValue, newValue
  fireIndexedPropertyChange | propertyName, index, oldValue, newValue
  fireIndexedPropertyChange | propertyName, index, oldValue, newValue
  firePropertyChange | propertyName, oldValue, newValue
  firePropertyChange | event
  firePropertyChange | propertyName, oldValue, newValue
  firePropertyChange | propertyName, oldValue, newValue
  getPropertyChangeListeners | propertyName
  getPropertyChangeListeners | 
  hasListeners | propertyName
  removePropertyChangeListener | propertyName, listener
  removePropertyChangeListener | listener
java.io.Closeable
 Methods: 1
  close | 
java.io.DataInput
 Methods: 15
  readBoolean | 
  readByte | 
  readChar | 
  readDouble | 
  readFloat | 
  readFully | b
  readFully | b, off, len
  readInt | 
  readLine | 
  readLong | 
  readShort | 
  readUTF | 
  readUnsignedByte | 
  readUnsignedShort | 
  skipBytes | n
java.io.DataOutput
 Methods: 14
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
  writeBoolean | v
  writeByte | v
  writeBytes | s
  writeChar | v
  writeChars | s
  writeDouble | v
  writeFloat | v
  writeInt | v
  writeLong | v
  writeShort | v
  writeUTF | s
java.io.Externalizable
 Methods: 2
  readExternal | in
  writeExternal | out
java.io.FileFilter
 Methods: 1
  accept | pathname
java.io.FilenameFilter
 Methods: 1
  accept | dir, name
java.io.Flushable
 Methods: 1
  flush | 
java.io.ObjectInput
 Methods: 7
  available | 
  close | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  read | b
  readObject | 
  skip | n
java.io.ObjectInputValidation
 Methods: 1
  validateObject | 
java.io.ObjectOutput
 Methods: 6
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
  writeObject | obj
java.io.ObjectStreamConstants
 Methods: 0
java.io.Serializable
 Methods: 0
java.io.BufferedInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readlimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.BufferedOutputStream
 Methods: 3
  flush | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.io.BufferedReader
 Methods: 10
  close | 
  lines | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  readLine | 
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.BufferedWriter
 Methods: 6
  close | 
  flush | 
  newLine | 
  write | c
  write | s, off, len
  write | cbuf, off, len
java.io.ByteArrayInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.ByteArrayOutputStream
 Methods: 10
  close | 
  reset | 
  size | 
  toByteArray | 
  toString | charsetName
  toString | 
  toString | hibyte
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
  writeTo | out
java.io.CharArrayReader
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.CharArrayWriter
 Methods: 13
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  close | 
  flush | 
  reset | 
  size | 
  toCharArray | 
  toString | 
  write | c
  write | str, off, len
  write | c, off, len
  writeTo | out
java.io.Console
 Methods: 9
  flush | 
  format | fmt, args
  printf | format, args
  readLine | 
  readLine | fmt, args
  readPassword | 
  readPassword | fmt, args
  reader | 
  writer | 
java.io.DataInputStream
 Methods: 18
  read | b
  read | b, off, len
  readBoolean | 
  readByte | 
  readChar | 
  readDouble | 
  readFloat | 
  readFully | b
  readFully | b, off, len
  readInt | 
  readLine | 
  readLong | 
  readShort | 
  readUTF | 
  readUTF | in
  readUnsignedByte | 
  readUnsignedShort | 
  skipBytes | n
java.io.DataOutputStream
 Methods: 15
  flush | 
  size | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
  writeBoolean | v
  writeByte | v
  writeBytes | s
  writeChar | v
  writeChars | s
  writeDouble | v
  writeFloat | v
  writeInt | v
  writeLong | v
  writeShort | v
  writeUTF | str
java.io.File
 Methods: 50
  canExecute | 
  canRead | 
  canWrite | 
  compareTo | pathname
  createNewFile | 
  createTempFile | prefix, suffix, directory
  createTempFile | prefix, suffix
  delete | 
  deleteOnExit | 
  equals | obj
  exists | 
  getAbsoluteFile | 
  getAbsolutePath | 
  getCanonicalFile | 
  getCanonicalPath | 
  getFreeSpace | 
  getName | 
  getParent | 
  getParentFile | 
  getPath | 
  getTotalSpace | 
  getUsableSpace | 
  hashCode | 
  isAbsolute | 
  isDirectory | 
  isFile | 
  isHidden | 
  lastModified | 
  length | 
  list | filter
  list | 
  listFiles | 
  listFiles | filter
  listFiles | filter
  listRoots | 
  mkdir | 
  mkdirs | 
  renameTo | dest
  setExecutable | executable, ownerOnly
  setExecutable | executable
  setLastModified | time
  setReadOnly | 
  setReadable | readable
  setReadable | readable, ownerOnly
  setWritable | writable, ownerOnly
  setWritable | writable
  toPath | 
  toString | 
  toURI | 
  toURL | 
java.io.FileDescriptor
 Methods: 2
  sync | 
  valid | 
java.io.FileInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  close | 
  getChannel | 
  getFD | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  read | b
  skip | n
java.io.FileOutputStream
 Methods: 6
  close | 
  getChannel | 
  getFD | 
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.io.FilePermission
 Methods: 2
  getActions | 
  implies | p
java.io.FileReader
 Methods: 0
java.io.FileWriter
 Methods: 0
java.io.FilterInputStream
 Methods: 9
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readlimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  read | b
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.FilterOutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.io.FilterReader
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.FilterWriter
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | c
  write | str, off, len
  write | cbuf, off, len
java.io.InputStream
 Methods: 9
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readlimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  read | b
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.InputStreamReader
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  getEncoding | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, offset, length
  ready | 
java.io.LineNumberInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  getLineNumber | 
  mark | readlimit
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  setLineNumber | lineNumber
  skip | n
java.io.LineNumberReader
 Methods: 8
  getLineNumber | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  readLine | 
  reset | 
  setLineNumber | lineNumber
  skip | n
java.io.ObjectInputStream
 Methods: 24
  available | 
  close | 
  defaultReadObject | 
  read | 
  read | buf, off, len
  readBoolean | 
  readByte | 
  readChar | 
  readDouble | 
  readFields | 
  readFloat | 
  readFully | buf
  readFully | buf, off, len
  readInt | 
  readLine | 
  readLong | 
  readObject | 
  readShort | 
  readUTF | 
  readUnshared | 
  readUnsignedByte | 
  readUnsignedShort | 
  registerValidation | obj, prio
  skipBytes | len
java.io.ObjectInputStream$GetField
 Methods: 11
  defaulted | name
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  get | name, val
  getObjectStreamClass | 
java.io.ObjectOutputStream
 Methods: 23
  close | 
  defaultWriteObject | 
  flush | 
  putFields | 
  reset | 
  useProtocolVersion | version
  write | buf
  write | buf, off, len
  write | val
  writeBoolean | val
  writeByte | val
  writeBytes | str
  writeChar | val
  writeChars | str
  writeDouble | val
  writeFields | 
  writeFloat | val
  writeInt | val
  writeLong | val
  writeObject | obj
  writeShort | val
  writeUTF | str
  writeUnshared | obj
java.io.ObjectOutputStream$PutField
 Methods: 10
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  put | name, val
  write | out
java.io.ObjectStreamClass
 Methods: 8
  forClass | 
  getField | name
  getFields | 
  getName | 
  getSerialVersionUID | 
  lookup | cl
  lookupAny | cl
  toString | 
java.io.ObjectStreamField
 Methods: 9
  compareTo | obj
  getName | 
  getOffset | 
  getType | 
  getTypeCode | 
  getTypeString | 
  isPrimitive | 
  isUnshared | 
  toString | 
java.io.OutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.io.OutputStreamWriter
 Methods: 6
  close | 
  flush | 
  getEncoding | 
  write | c
  write | str, off, len
  write | cbuf, off, len
java.io.PipedInputStream
 Methods: 5
  available | 
  close | 
  connect | src
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
java.io.PipedOutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  connect | snk
  flush | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.io.PipedReader
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  connect | src
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  ready | 
java.io.PipedWriter
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  connect | snk
  flush | 
  write | c
  write | cbuf, off, len
java.io.PrintStream
 Methods: 31
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  checkError | 
  close | 
  flush | 
  format | l, format, args
  format | format, args
  print | i
  print | d
  print | b
  print | c
  print | l
  print | f
  print | s
  print | obj
  print | s
  printf | format, args
  printf | l, format, args
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | 
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  write | buf, off, len
  write | b
java.io.PrintWriter
 Methods: 34
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  checkError | 
  close | 
  flush | 
  format | l, format, args
  format | format, args
  print | i
  print | d
  print | b
  print | c
  print | l
  print | f
  print | s
  print | obj
  print | s
  printf | format, args
  printf | l, format, args
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | 
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  println | x
  write | c
  write | buf, off, len
  write | s
  write | s, off, len
  write | buf
java.io.PushbackInputStream
 Methods: 11
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readlimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
  unread | b, off, len
  unread | b
  unread | b
java.io.PushbackReader
 Methods: 11
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | n
  unread | cbuf, off, len
  unread | cbuf
  unread | c
java.io.RandomAccessFile
 Methods: 39
  close | 
  getChannel | 
  getFD | 
  getFilePointer | 
  length | 
  read | 
  read | b
  read | b, off, len
  readBoolean | 
  readByte | 
  readChar | 
  readDouble | 
  readFloat | 
  readFully | b
  readFully | b, off, len
  readInt | 
  readLine | 
  readLong | 
  readShort | 
  readUTF | 
  readUnsignedByte | 
  readUnsignedShort | 
  seek | pos
  setLength | newLength
  skipBytes | n
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
  writeBoolean | v
  writeByte | v
  writeBytes | s
  writeChar | v
  writeChars | s
  writeDouble | v
  writeFloat | v
  writeInt | v
  writeLong | v
  writeShort | v
  writeUTF | str
java.io.Reader
 Methods: 10
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  read | cbuf
  read | target
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.SequenceInputStream
 Methods: 4
  available | 
  close | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
java.io.SerializablePermission
 Methods: 0
java.io.StreamTokenizer
 Methods: 16
  commentChar | ch
  eolIsSignificant | flag
  lineno | 
  lowerCaseMode | fl
  nextToken | 
  ordinaryChar | ch
  ordinaryChars | low, hi
  parseNumbers | 
  pushBack | 
  quoteChar | ch
  resetSyntax | 
  slashSlashComments | flag
  slashStarComments | flag
  toString | 
  whitespaceChars | low, hi
  wordChars | low, hi
java.io.StringBufferInputStream
 Methods: 5
  available | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.io.StringReader
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  mark | readAheadLimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | cbuf, off, len
  ready | 
  reset | 
  skip | ns
java.io.StringWriter
 Methods: 11
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  close | 
  flush | 
  getBuffer | 
  toString | 
  write | str
  write | c
  write | str, off, len
  write | cbuf, off, len
java.io.Writer
 Methods: 10
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | str
  write | c
  write | str, off, len
  write | cbuf, off, len
  write | cbuf
java.io.CharConversionException
 Methods: 0
java.io.EOFException
 Methods: 0
java.io.FileNotFoundException
 Methods: 0
java.io.InterruptedIOException
 Methods: 0
java.io.InvalidClassException
 Methods: 1
  getMessage | 
java.io.InvalidObjectException
 Methods: 0
java.io.IOException
 Methods: 0
java.io.NotActiveException
 Methods: 0
java.io.NotSerializableException
 Methods: 0
java.io.ObjectStreamException
 Methods: 0
java.io.OptionalDataException
 Methods: 0
java.io.StreamCorruptedException
 Methods: 0
java.io.SyncFailedException
 Methods: 0
java.io.UncheckedIOException
 Methods: 1
  getCause | 
java.io.UnsupportedEncodingException
 Methods: 0
java.io.UTFDataFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.io.WriteAbortedException
 Methods: 2
  getCause | 
  getMessage | 
java.io.IOError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Deprecated
 Methods: 0
java.lang.FunctionalInterface
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Override
 Methods: 0
java.lang.SafeVarargs
 Methods: 0
java.lang.SuppressWarnings
 Methods: 1
  value | 
java.lang.Appendable
 Methods: 3
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
java.lang.AutoCloseable
 Methods: 1
  close | 
java.lang.CharSequence
 Methods: 6
  charAt | index
  chars | 
  codePoints | 
  length | 
  subSequence | start, end
  toString | 
java.lang.Cloneable
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Comparable
 Methods: 1
  compareTo | o
java.lang.Iterable
 Methods: 3
  forEach | action
  iterator | 
  spliterator | 
java.lang.Readable
 Methods: 1
  read | cb
java.lang.Runnable
 Methods: 1
  run | 
java.lang.Thread$UncaughtExceptionHandler
 Methods: 1
  uncaughtException | t, e
java.lang.Boolean
 Methods: 15
  booleanValue | 
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | b
  equals | obj
  getBoolean | name
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  logicalAnd | a, b
  logicalOr | a, b
  logicalXor | a, b
  parseBoolean | s
  toString | 
  toString | b
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | b
java.lang.Byte
 Methods: 21
  byteValue | 
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | anotherByte
  decode | nm
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatValue | 
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  parseByte | s
  parseByte | s, radix
  shortValue | 
  toString | 
  toString | b
  toUnsignedInt | x
  toUnsignedLong | x
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | s, radix
  valueOf | b
java.lang.Character
 Methods: 86
  charCount | codePoint
  charValue | 
  codePointAt | a, index, limit
  codePointAt | a, index
  codePointAt | seq, index
  codePointBefore | a, index
  codePointBefore | seq, index
  codePointBefore | a, index, start
  codePointCount | seq, beginIndex, endIndex
  codePointCount | a, offset, count
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | anotherCharacter
  digit | codePoint, radix
  digit | ch, radix
  equals | obj
  forDigit | digit, radix
  getDirectionality | ch
  getDirectionality | codePoint
  getName | codePoint
  getNumericValue | codePoint
  getNumericValue | ch
  getType | ch
  getType | codePoint
  hashCode | value
  hashCode | 
  highSurrogate | codePoint
  isAlphabetic | codePoint
  isBmpCodePoint | codePoint
  isDefined | codePoint
  isDefined | ch
  isDigit | ch
  isDigit | codePoint
  isHighSurrogate | ch
  isISOControl | ch
  isISOControl | codePoint
  isIdentifierIgnorable | ch
  isIdentifierIgnorable | codePoint
  isIdeographic | codePoint
  isJavaIdentifierPart | ch
  isJavaIdentifierPart | codePoint
  isJavaIdentifierStart | codePoint
  isJavaIdentifierStart | ch
  isJavaLetter | ch
  isJavaLetterOrDigit | ch
  isLetter | ch
  isLetter | codePoint
  isLetterOrDigit | ch
  isLetterOrDigit | codePoint
  isLowSurrogate | ch
  isLowerCase | ch
  isLowerCase | codePoint
  isMirrored | codePoint
  isMirrored | ch
  isSpace | ch
  isSpaceChar | ch
  isSpaceChar | codePoint
  isSupplementaryCodePoint | codePoint
  isSurrogate | ch
  isSurrogatePair | high, low
  isTitleCase | codePoint
  isTitleCase | ch
  isUnicodeIdentifierPart | codePoint
  isUnicodeIdentifierPart | ch
  isUnicodeIdentifierStart | codePoint
  isUnicodeIdentifierStart | ch
  isUpperCase | ch
  isUpperCase | codePoint
  isValidCodePoint | codePoint
  isWhitespace | codePoint
  isWhitespace | ch
  lowSurrogate | codePoint
  offsetByCodePoints | seq, index, codePointOffset
  offsetByCodePoints | a, start, count, index, codePointOffset
  reverseBytes | ch
  toChars | codePoint, dst, dstIndex
  toChars | codePoint
  toCodePoint | high, low
  toLowerCase | codePoint
  toLowerCase | ch
  toString | 
  toString | c
  toTitleCase | ch
  toTitleCase | codePoint
  toUpperCase | ch
  toUpperCase | codePoint
  valueOf | c
java.lang.Character$Subset
 Methods: 3
  equals | obj
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.lang.Character$UnicodeBlock
 Methods: 3
  forName | blockName
  of | c
  of | codePoint
java.lang.Class
 Methods: 61
  asSubclass | clazz
  cast | obj
  desiredAssertionStatus | 
  forName | name, initialize, loader
  forName | className
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotations | 
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getCanonicalName | 
  getClassLoader | 
  getClasses | 
  getComponentType | 
  getConstructor | parameterTypes
  getConstructors | 
  getDeclaredAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaredClasses | 
  getDeclaredConstructor | parameterTypes
  getDeclaredConstructors | 
  getDeclaredField | name
  getDeclaredFields | 
  getDeclaredMethod | name, parameterTypes
  getDeclaredMethods | 
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getEnclosingClass | 
  getEnclosingConstructor | 
  getEnclosingMethod | 
  getEnumConstants | 
  getField | name
  getFields | 
  getGenericInterfaces | 
  getGenericSuperclass | 
  getInterfaces | 
  getMethod | name, parameterTypes
  getMethods | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getPackage | 
  getProtectionDomain | 
  getResource | name
  getResourceAsStream | name
  getSigners | 
  getSimpleName | 
  getSuperclass | 
  getTypeName | 
  getTypeParameters | 
  isAnnotation | 
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationClass
  isAnonymousClass | 
  isArray | 
  isAssignableFrom | cls
  isEnum | 
  isInstance | obj
  isInterface | 
  isLocalClass | 
  isMemberClass | 
  isPrimitive | 
  isSynthetic | 
  newInstance | 
  toGenericString | 
  toString | 
java.lang.ClassLoader
 Methods: 13
  clearAssertionStatus | 
  getParent | 
  getResource | name
  getResourceAsStream | name
  getResources | name
  getSystemClassLoader | 
  getSystemResource | name
  getSystemResourceAsStream | name
  getSystemResources | name
  loadClass | name
  setClassAssertionStatus | className, enabled
  setDefaultAssertionStatus | enabled
  setPackageAssertionStatus | packageName, enabled
java.lang.Compiler
 Methods: 5
  command | cmd
  compileClass | classToCompile
  compileClasses | nameRoot
  disable | 
  enable | 
java.lang.Double
 Methods: 28
  byteValue | 
  compare | d1, d2
  compareTo | anotherDouble
  doubleToLongBits | value
  doubleToRawLongBits | value
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatValue | 
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  intValue | 
  isFinite | d
  isInfinite | 
  isInfinite | v
  isNaN | v
  isNaN | 
  longBitsToDouble | bits
  longValue | 
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  parseDouble | s
  shortValue | 
  sum | a, b
  toHexString | d
  toString | d
  toString | 
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | d
java.lang.Enum
 Methods: 8
  compareTo | o
  equals | other
  getDeclaringClass | 
  hashCode | 
  name | 
  ordinal | 
  toString | 
  valueOf | enumType, name
java.lang.Float
 Methods: 28
  byteValue | 
  compare | f1, f2
  compareTo | anotherFloat
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatToIntBits | value
  floatToRawIntBits | value
  floatValue | 
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  intBitsToFloat | bits
  intValue | 
  isFinite | f
  isInfinite | 
  isInfinite | v
  isNaN | v
  isNaN | 
  longValue | 
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  parseFloat | s
  shortValue | 
  sum | a, b
  toHexString | f
  toString | 
  toString | f
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | f
java.lang.InheritableThreadLocal
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Integer
 Methods: 47
  bitCount | i
  byteValue | 
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | anotherInteger
  compareUnsigned | x, y
  decode | nm
  divideUnsigned | dividend, divisor
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatValue | 
  getInteger | nm, val
  getInteger | nm
  getInteger | nm, val
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  highestOneBit | i
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  lowestOneBit | i
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  numberOfLeadingZeros | i
  numberOfTrailingZeros | i
  parseInt | s, radix
  parseInt | s
  parseUnsignedInt | s
  parseUnsignedInt | s, radix
  remainderUnsigned | dividend, divisor
  reverse | i
  reverseBytes | i
  rotateLeft | i, distance
  rotateRight | i, distance
  shortValue | 
  signum | i
  sum | a, b
  toBinaryString | i
  toHexString | i
  toOctalString | i
  toString | 
  toString | i
  toString | i, radix
  toUnsignedLong | x
  toUnsignedString | i
  toUnsignedString | i, radix
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | s, radix
  valueOf | i
java.lang.Long
 Methods: 46
  bitCount | i
  byteValue | 
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | anotherLong
  compareUnsigned | x, y
  decode | nm
  divideUnsigned | dividend, divisor
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatValue | 
  getLong | nm, val
  getLong | nm
  getLong | nm, val
  hashCode | 
  hashCode | value
  highestOneBit | i
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  lowestOneBit | i
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  numberOfLeadingZeros | i
  numberOfTrailingZeros | i
  parseLong | s
  parseLong | s, radix
  parseUnsignedLong | s
  parseUnsignedLong | s, radix
  remainderUnsigned | dividend, divisor
  reverse | i
  reverseBytes | i
  rotateLeft | i, distance
  rotateRight | i, distance
  shortValue | 
  signum | i
  sum | a, b
  toBinaryString | i
  toHexString | i
  toOctalString | i
  toString | i, radix
  toString | 
  toString | i
  toUnsignedString | i
  toUnsignedString | i, radix
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | s, radix
  valueOf | l
java.lang.Math
 Methods: 73
  IEEEremainder | f1, f2
  abs | a
  abs | a
  abs | a
  abs | a
  acos | a
  addExact | x, y
  addExact | x, y
  asin | a
  atan | a
  atan2 | y, x
  cbrt | a
  ceil | a
  copySign | magnitude, sign
  copySign | magnitude, sign
  cos | a
  cosh | x
  decrementExact | a
  decrementExact | a
  exp | a
  expm1 | x
  floor | a
  floorDiv | x, y
  floorDiv | x, y
  floorMod | x, y
  floorMod | x, y
  getExponent | d
  getExponent | f
  hypot | x, y
  incrementExact | a
  incrementExact | a
  log | a
  log10 | a
  log1p | x
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  multiplyExact | x, y
  multiplyExact | x, y
  negateExact | a
  negateExact | a
  nextAfter | start, direction
  nextAfter | start, direction
  nextDown | d
  nextDown | f
  nextUp | f
  nextUp | d
  pow | a, b
  random | 
  rint | a
  round | a
  round | a
  scalb | f, scaleFactor
  scalb | d, scaleFactor
  signum | d
  signum | f
  sin | a
  sinh | x
  sqrt | a
  subtractExact | x, y
  subtractExact | x, y
  tan | a
  tanh | x
  toDegrees | angrad
  toIntExact | value
  toRadians | angdeg
  ulp | d
  ulp | f
java.lang.Number
 Methods: 6
  byteValue | 
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  shortValue | 
java.lang.Object
 Methods: 9
  equals | obj
  getClass | 
  hashCode | 
  notify | 
  notifyAll | 
  toString | 
  wait | millis, nanos
  wait | millis
  wait | 
java.lang.Package
 Methods: 21
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotations | 
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaredAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getImplementationTitle | 
  getImplementationVendor | 
  getImplementationVersion | 
  getName | 
  getPackage | name
  getPackages | 
  getSpecificationTitle | 
  getSpecificationVendor | 
  getSpecificationVersion | 
  hashCode | 
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationClass
  isCompatibleWith | desired
  isSealed | url
  isSealed | 
  toString | 
java.lang.Process
 Methods: 9
  destroy | 
  destroyForcibly | 
  exitValue | 
  getErrorStream | 
  getInputStream | 
  getOutputStream | 
  isAlive | 
  waitFor | 
  waitFor | timeout, unit
java.lang.ProcessBuilder
 Methods: 19
  command | 
  command | command
  command | command
  directory | directory
  directory | 
  environment | 
  inheritIO | 
  redirectError | destination
  redirectError | 
  redirectError | file
  redirectErrorStream | 
  redirectErrorStream | redirectErrorStream
  redirectInput | file
  redirectInput | 
  redirectInput | source
  redirectOutput | destination
  redirectOutput | 
  redirectOutput | file
  start | 
java.lang.ProcessBuilder$Redirect
 Methods: 7
  appendTo | file
  equals | obj
  file | 
  from | file
  hashCode | 
  to | file
  type | 
java.lang.Runtime
 Methods: 24
  addShutdownHook | hook
  availableProcessors | 
  exec | cmdarray
  exec | cmdarray, envp
  exec | command
  exec | command, envp
  exec | cmdarray, envp, dir
  exec | command, envp, dir
  exit | status
  freeMemory | 
  gc | 
  getLocalizedInputStream | in
  getLocalizedOutputStream | out
  getRuntime | 
  halt | status
  load | filename
  loadLibrary | libname
  maxMemory | 
  removeShutdownHook | hook
  runFinalization | 
  runFinalizersOnExit | value
  totalMemory | 
  traceInstructions | on
  traceMethodCalls | on
java.lang.RuntimePermission
 Methods: 0
java.lang.SecurityManager
 Methods: 34
  checkAccept | host, port
  checkAccess | t
  checkAccess | g
  checkAwtEventQueueAccess | 
  checkConnect | host, port
  checkConnect | host, port, context
  checkCreateClassLoader | 
  checkDelete | file
  checkExec | cmd
  checkExit | status
  checkLink | lib
  checkListen | port
  checkMemberAccess | clazz, which
  checkMulticast | maddr
  checkMulticast | maddr, ttl
  checkPackageAccess | pkg
  checkPackageDefinition | pkg
  checkPermission | perm, context
  checkPermission | perm
  checkPrintJobAccess | 
  checkPropertiesAccess | 
  checkPropertyAccess | key
  checkRead | fd
  checkRead | file
  checkRead | file, context
  checkSecurityAccess | target
  checkSetFactory | 
  checkSystemClipboardAccess | 
  checkTopLevelWindow | window
  checkWrite | fd
  checkWrite | file
  getInCheck | 
  getSecurityContext | 
  getThreadGroup | 
java.lang.Short
 Methods: 22
  byteValue | 
  compare | x, y
  compareTo | anotherShort
  decode | nm
  doubleValue | 
  equals | obj
  floatValue | 
  hashCode | value
  hashCode | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  parseShort | s
  parseShort | s, radix
  reverseBytes | i
  shortValue | 
  toString | s
  toString | 
  toUnsignedInt | x
  toUnsignedLong | x
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | s
  valueOf | s, radix
java.lang.StackTraceElement
 Methods: 8
  equals | obj
  getClassName | 
  getFileName | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getMethodName | 
  hashCode | 
  isNativeMethod | 
  toString | 
java.lang.StrictMath
 Methods: 67
  IEEEremainder | f1, f2
  abs | a
  abs | a
  abs | a
  abs | a
  acos | a
  addExact | x, y
  addExact | x, y
  asin | a
  atan | a
  atan2 | y, x
  cbrt | a
  ceil | a
  copySign | magnitude, sign
  copySign | magnitude, sign
  cos | a
  cosh | x
  exp | a
  expm1 | x
  floor | a
  floorDiv | x, y
  floorDiv | x, y
  floorMod | x, y
  floorMod | x, y
  getExponent | d
  getExponent | f
  hypot | x, y
  log | a
  log10 | a
  log1p | x
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  max | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  min | a, b
  multiplyExact | x, y
  multiplyExact | x, y
  nextAfter | start, direction
  nextAfter | start, direction
  nextDown | d
  nextDown | f
  nextUp | f
  nextUp | d
  pow | a, b
  random | 
  rint | a
  round | a
  round | a
  scalb | f, scaleFactor
  scalb | d, scaleFactor
  signum | d
  signum | f
  sin | a
  sinh | x
  sqrt | a
  subtractExact | x, y
  subtractExact | x, y
  tan | a
  tanh | x
  toDegrees | angrad
  toIntExact | value
  toRadians | angdeg
  ulp | d
  ulp | f
java.lang.String
 Methods: 67
  charAt | index
  codePointAt | index
  codePointBefore | index
  codePointCount | beginIndex, endIndex
  compareTo | anotherString
  compareToIgnoreCase | str
  concat | str
  contains | s
  contentEquals | sb
  contentEquals | cs
  copyValueOf | data, offset, count
  copyValueOf | data
  endsWith | suffix
  equals | anObject
  equalsIgnoreCase | anotherString
  format | l, format, args
  format | format, args
  getBytes | charsetName
  getBytes | 
  getBytes | charset
  getBytes | srcBegin, srcEnd, dst, dstBegin
  getChars | srcBegin, srcEnd, dst, dstBegin
  hashCode | 
  indexOf | ch, fromIndex
  indexOf | str
  indexOf | ch
  indexOf | str, fromIndex
  intern | 
  isEmpty | 
  join | delimiter, elements
  join | delimiter, elements
  lastIndexOf | ch
  lastIndexOf | str, fromIndex
  lastIndexOf | str
  lastIndexOf | ch, fromIndex
  length | 
  matches | regex
  offsetByCodePoints | index, codePointOffset
  regionMatches | ignoreCase, toffset, other, ooffset, len
  regionMatches | toffset, other, ooffset, len
  replace | target, replacement
  replace | oldChar, newChar
  replaceAll | regex, replacement
  replaceFirst | regex, replacement
  split | regex, limit
  split | regex
  startsWith | prefix
  startsWith | prefix, toffset
  subSequence | beginIndex, endIndex
  substring | beginIndex, endIndex
  substring | beginIndex
  toCharArray | 
  toLowerCase | 
  toLowerCase | locale
  toString | 
  toUpperCase | locale
  toUpperCase | 
  trim | 
  valueOf | b
  valueOf | d
  valueOf | data, offset, count
  valueOf | f
  valueOf | i
  valueOf | c
  valueOf | l
  valueOf | obj
  valueOf | data
java.lang.StringBuffer
 Methods: 50
  append | b
  append | lng
  append | c
  append | obj
  append | str, offset, len
  append | d
  append | str
  append | str
  append | sb
  append | f
  append | i
  append | s, start, end
  append | s
  appendCodePoint | codePoint
  capacity | 
  charAt | index
  codePointAt | index
  codePointBefore | index
  codePointCount | beginIndex, endIndex
  delete | start, end
  deleteCharAt | index
  ensureCapacity | minimumCapacity
  getChars | srcBegin, srcEnd, dst, dstBegin
  indexOf | str
  indexOf | str, fromIndex
  insert | offset, str
  insert | offset, f
  insert | dstOffset, s
  insert | offset, c
  insert | offset, l
  insert | index, str, offset, len
  insert | offset, i
  insert | offset, str
  insert | offset, d
  insert | dstOffset, s, start, end
  insert | offset, obj
  insert | offset, b
  lastIndexOf | str, fromIndex
  lastIndexOf | str
  length | 
  offsetByCodePoints | index, codePointOffset
  replace | start, end, str
  reverse | 
  setCharAt | index, ch
  setLength | newLength
  subSequence | start, end
  substring | start, end
  substring | start
  toString | 
  trimToSize | 
java.lang.StringBuilder
 Methods: 50
  append | b
  append | lng
  append | c
  append | obj
  append | str, offset, len
  append | d
  append | str
  append | str
  append | sb
  append | f
  append | i
  append | s, start, end
  append | s
  appendCodePoint | codePoint
  capacity | 
  charAt | index
  codePointAt | index
  codePointBefore | index
  codePointCount | beginIndex, endIndex
  delete | start, end
  deleteCharAt | index
  ensureCapacity | minimumCapacity
  getChars | srcBegin, srcEnd, dst, dstBegin
  indexOf | str
  indexOf | str, fromIndex
  insert | offset, str
  insert | offset, f
  insert | dstOffset, s
  insert | offset, c
  insert | offset, l
  insert | index, str, offset, len
  insert | offset, i
  insert | offset, str
  insert | offset, d
  insert | dstOffset, s, start, end
  insert | offset, obj
  insert | offset, b
  lastIndexOf | str, fromIndex
  lastIndexOf | str
  length | 
  offsetByCodePoints | index, codePointOffset
  replace | start, end, str
  reverse | 
  setCharAt | index, ch
  setLength | newLength
  subSequence | start, end
  substring | start, end
  substring | start
  toString | 
  trimToSize | 
java.lang.System
 Methods: 27
  arraycopy | src, srcPos, dest, destPos, length
  clearProperty | key
  console | 
  currentTimeMillis | 
  exit | status
  gc | 
  getProperties | 
  getProperty | key, def
  getProperty | key
  getSecurityManager | 
  getenv | name
  getenv | 
  identityHashCode | x
  inheritedChannel | 
  lineSeparator | 
  load | filename
  loadLibrary | libname
  mapLibraryName | libname
  nanoTime | 
  runFinalization | 
  runFinalizersOnExit | value
  setErr | err
  setIn | in
  setOut | out
  setProperties | props
  setProperty | key, value
  setSecurityManager | s
java.lang.Thread
 Methods: 42
  activeCount | 
  checkAccess | 
  countStackFrames | 
  currentThread | 
  destroy | 
  dumpStack | 
  enumerate | tarray
  getAllStackTraces | 
  getContextClassLoader | 
  getDefaultUncaughtExceptionHandler | 
  getId | 
  getName | 
  getPriority | 
  getStackTrace | 
  getState | 
  getThreadGroup | 
  getUncaughtExceptionHandler | 
  holdsLock | obj
  interrupt | 
  interrupted | 
  isAlive | 
  isDaemon | 
  isInterrupted | 
  join | 
  join | millis
  join | millis, nanos
  resume | 
  run | 
  setContextClassLoader | cl
  setDaemon | on
  setDefaultUncaughtExceptionHandler | eh
  setName | name
  setPriority | newPriority
  setUncaughtExceptionHandler | eh
  sleep | millis, nanos
  sleep | millis
  start | 
  stop | 
  stop | obj
  suspend | 
  toString | 
  yield | 
java.lang.ThreadGroup
 Methods: 24
  activeCount | 
  activeGroupCount | 
  allowThreadSuspension | b
  checkAccess | 
  destroy | 
  enumerate | list
  enumerate | list, recurse
  enumerate | list
  enumerate | list, recurse
  getMaxPriority | 
  getName | 
  getParent | 
  interrupt | 
  isDaemon | 
  isDestroyed | 
  list | 
  parentOf | g
  resume | 
  setDaemon | daemon
  setMaxPriority | pri
  stop | 
  suspend | 
  toString | 
  uncaughtException | t, e
java.lang.ThreadLocal
 Methods: 4
  get | 
  remove | 
  set | value
  withInitial | supplier
java.lang.Throwable
 Methods: 13
  addSuppressed | exception
  fillInStackTrace | 
  getCause | 
  getLocalizedMessage | 
  getMessage | 
  getStackTrace | 
  getSuppressed | 
  initCause | cause
  printStackTrace | 
  printStackTrace | s
  printStackTrace | s
  setStackTrace | stackTrace
  toString | 
java.lang.Void
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Character$UnicodeScript
 Methods: 4
  forName | scriptName
  of | codePoint
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.lang.ProcessBuilder$Redirect$Type
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.lang.Thread$State
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.lang.ArithmeticException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ArrayStoreException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ClassCastException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ClassNotFoundException
 Methods: 2
  getCause | 
  getException | 
java.lang.CloneNotSupportedException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.EnumConstantNotPresentException
 Methods: 2
  constantName | 
  enumType | 
java.lang.Exception
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IllegalAccessException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IllegalMonitorStateException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IllegalStateException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IllegalThreadStateException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IndexOutOfBoundsException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.InstantiationException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.InterruptedException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NegativeArraySizeException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NoSuchFieldException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NoSuchMethodException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NullPointerException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NumberFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ReflectiveOperationException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.RuntimeException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.SecurityException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.StringIndexOutOfBoundsException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.TypeNotPresentException
 Methods: 1
  typeName | 
java.lang.UnsupportedOperationException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.AbstractMethodError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.AssertionError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.BootstrapMethodError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ClassCircularityError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ClassFormatError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.Error
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ExceptionInInitializerError
 Methods: 2
  getCause | 
  getException | 
java.lang.IllegalAccessError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.IncompatibleClassChangeError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.InstantiationError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.InternalError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.LinkageError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NoSuchFieldError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.NoSuchMethodError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.OutOfMemoryError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.StackOverflowError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ThreadDeath
 Methods: 0
java.lang.UnknownError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.UnsupportedClassVersionError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.VerifyError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.VirtualMachineError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.annotation.Documented
 Methods: 0
java.lang.annotation.Inherited
 Methods: 0
java.lang.annotation.Native
 Methods: 0
java.lang.annotation.Repeatable
 Methods: 1
  value | 
java.lang.annotation.Retention
 Methods: 1
  value | 
java.lang.annotation.Target
 Methods: 1
  value | 
java.lang.annotation.Annotation
 Methods: 4
  annotationType | 
  equals | obj
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.lang.annotation.ElementType
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.lang.annotation.RetentionPolicy
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.lang.annotation.AnnotationTypeMismatchException
 Methods: 2
  element | 
  foundType | 
java.lang.annotation.IncompleteAnnotationException
 Methods: 2
  annotationType | 
  elementName | 
java.lang.annotation.AnnotationFormatError
 Methods: 0
java.lang.invoke.MethodHandleInfo
 Methods: 12
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getMethodType | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getReferenceKind | 
  isVarArgs | 
  refKindIsField | refKind
  refKindIsValid | refKind
  refKindName | refKind
  referenceKindToString | referenceKind
  reflectAs | expected, lookup
  toString | kind, defc, name, type
java.lang.invoke.CallSite
 Methods: 4
  dynamicInvoker | 
  getTarget | 
  setTarget | newTarget
  type | 
java.lang.invoke.ConstantCallSite
 Methods: 3
  dynamicInvoker | 
  getTarget | 
  setTarget | ignore
java.lang.invoke.MethodHandle
 Methods: 13
  asCollector | arrayType, arrayLength
  asFixedArity | 
  asSpreader | arrayType, arrayLength
  asType | newType
  asVarargsCollector | arrayType
  bindTo | x
  invoke | args
  invokeExact | args
  invokeWithArguments | arguments
  invokeWithArguments | arguments
  isVarargsCollector | 
  toString | 
  type | 
java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles
 Methods: 22
  arrayElementGetter | arrayClass
  arrayElementSetter | arrayClass
  catchException | target, exType, handler
  collectArguments | target, pos, filter
  constant | type, value
  dropArguments | target, pos, valueTypes
  dropArguments | target, pos, valueTypes
  exactInvoker | type
  explicitCastArguments | target, newType
  filterArguments | target, pos, filters
  filterReturnValue | target, filter
  foldArguments | target, combiner
  guardWithTest | test, target, fallback
  identity | type
  insertArguments | target, pos, values
  invoker | type
  lookup | 
  permuteArguments | target, newType, reorder
  publicLookup | 
  reflectAs | expected, target
  spreadInvoker | type, leadingArgCount
  throwException | returnType, exType
java.lang.invoke.MethodHandles$Lookup
 Methods: 19
  bind | receiver, name, type
  findConstructor | refc, type
  findGetter | refc, name, type
  findSetter | refc, name, type
  findSpecial | refc, name, type, specialCaller
  findStatic | refc, name, type
  findStaticGetter | refc, name, type
  findStaticSetter | refc, name, type
  findVirtual | refc, name, type
  in | requestedLookupClass
  lookupClass | 
  lookupModes | 
  revealDirect | target
  toString | 
  unreflect | m
  unreflectConstructor | c
  unreflectGetter | f
  unreflectSetter | f
  unreflectSpecial | m, specialCaller
java.lang.invoke.MethodType
 Methods: 31
  appendParameterTypes | ptypesToInsert
  appendParameterTypes | ptypesToInsert
  changeParameterType | num, nptype
  changeReturnType | nrtype
  dropParameterTypes | start, end
  equals | x
  erase | 
  fromMethodDescriptorString | descriptor, loader
  generic | 
  genericMethodType | objectArgCount, finalArray
  genericMethodType | objectArgCount
  hasPrimitives | 
  hasWrappers | 
  hashCode | 
  insertParameterTypes | num, ptypesToInsert
  insertParameterTypes | num, ptypesToInsert
  methodType | rtype, ptypes
  methodType | rtype, ptypes
  methodType | rtype, ptype0
  methodType | rtype
  methodType | rtype, ptypes
  methodType | rtype, ptype0, ptypes
  parameterArray | 
  parameterCount | 
  parameterList | 
  parameterType | num
  returnType | 
  toMethodDescriptorString | 
  toString | 
  unwrap | 
  wrap | 
java.lang.invoke.MutableCallSite
 Methods: 3
  dynamicInvoker | 
  getTarget | 
  setTarget | newTarget
java.lang.invoke.VolatileCallSite
 Methods: 3
  dynamicInvoker | 
  getTarget | 
  setTarget | newTarget
java.lang.invoke.LambdaConversionException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.invoke.WrongMethodTypeException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.ref.PhantomReference
 Methods: 1
  get | 
java.lang.ref.Reference
 Methods: 4
  clear | 
  enqueue | 
  get | 
  isEnqueued | 
java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue
 Methods: 3
  poll | 
  remove | timeout
  remove | 
java.lang.ref.SoftReference
 Methods: 1
  get | 
java.lang.ref.WeakReference
 Methods: 0
java.lang.reflect.AnnotatedElement
 Methods: 7
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotations | 
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaredAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationClass
java.lang.reflect.GenericArrayType
 Methods: 1
  getGenericComponentType | 
java.lang.reflect.GenericDeclaration
 Methods: 1
  getTypeParameters | 
java.lang.reflect.InvocationHandler
 Methods: 1
  invoke | proxy, method, args
java.lang.reflect.Member
 Methods: 4
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  isSynthetic | 
java.lang.reflect.ParameterizedType
 Methods: 3
  getActualTypeArguments | 
  getOwnerType | 
  getRawType | 
java.lang.reflect.Type
 Methods: 0
java.lang.reflect.TypeVariable
 Methods: 3
  getBounds | 
  getGenericDeclaration | 
  getName | 
java.lang.reflect.WildcardType
 Methods: 2
  getLowerBounds | 
  getUpperBounds | 
java.lang.reflect.AccessibleObject
 Methods: 10
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotations | 
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaredAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  isAccessible | 
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationClass
  setAccessible | flag
  setAccessible | array, flag
java.lang.reflect.Array
 Methods: 21
  get | array, index
  getBoolean | array, index
  getByte | array, index
  getChar | array, index
  getDouble | array, index
  getFloat | array, index
  getInt | array, index
  getLength | array
  getLong | array, index
  getShort | array, index
  newInstance | componentType, length
  newInstance | componentType, dimensions
  set | array, index, value
  setBoolean | array, index, value
  setByte | array, index, value
  setChar | array, index, value
  setDouble | array, index, value
  setFloat | array, index, value
  setInt | array, index, value
  setLong | array, index, value
  setShort | array, index, value
java.lang.reflect.Constructor
 Methods: 19
  equals | obj
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericParameterTypes | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getParameterAnnotations | 
  getParameterCount | 
  getParameterTypes | 
  getTypeParameters | 
  hashCode | 
  isSynthetic | 
  isVarArgs | 
  newInstance | initargs
  toGenericString | 
  toString | 
java.lang.reflect.Executable
 Methods: 18
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericParameterTypes | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getParameterAnnotations | 
  getParameterCount | 
  getParameterTypes | 
  getParameters | 
  getTypeParameters | 
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationType
  isSynthetic | 
  isVarArgs | 
  toGenericString | 
java.lang.reflect.Field
 Methods: 33
  equals | obj
  get | obj
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getBoolean | obj
  getByte | obj
  getChar | obj
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getDouble | obj
  getFloat | obj
  getGenericType | 
  getInt | obj
  getLong | obj
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getShort | obj
  getType | 
  hashCode | 
  isAnnotationPresent | annotationType
  isEnumConstant | 
  isSynthetic | 
  set | obj, value
  setBoolean | obj, z
  setByte | obj, b
  setChar | obj, c
  setDouble | obj, d
  setFloat | obj, f
  setInt | obj, i
  setLong | obj, l
  setShort | obj, s
  toGenericString | 
  toString | 
java.lang.reflect.Method
 Methods: 24
  equals | obj
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaringClass | 
  getDefaultValue | 
  getExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericExceptionTypes | 
  getGenericParameterTypes | 
  getGenericReturnType | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getParameterAnnotations | 
  getParameterCount | 
  getParameterTypes | 
  getReturnType | 
  getTypeParameters | 
  hashCode | 
  invoke | obj, args
  isBridge | 
  isDefault | 
  isSynthetic | 
  isVarArgs | 
  toGenericString | 
  toString | 
java.lang.reflect.Modifier
 Methods: 19
  classModifiers | 
  constructorModifiers | 
  fieldModifiers | 
  interfaceModifiers | 
  isAbstract | mod
  isFinal | mod
  isInterface | mod
  isNative | mod
  isPrivate | mod
  isProtected | mod
  isPublic | mod
  isStatic | mod
  isStrict | mod
  isSynchronized | mod
  isTransient | mod
  isVolatile | mod
  methodModifiers | 
  parameterModifiers | 
  toString | mod
java.lang.reflect.Parameter
 Methods: 18
  equals | obj
  getAnnotation | annotationClass
  getAnnotations | 
  getAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotation | annotationClass
  getDeclaredAnnotations | 
  getDeclaredAnnotationsByType | annotationClass
  getDeclaringExecutable | 
  getModifiers | 
  getName | 
  getParameterizedType | 
  getType | 
  hashCode | 
  isImplicit | 
  isNamePresent | 
  isSynthetic | 
  isVarArgs | 
  toString | 
java.lang.reflect.Proxy
 Methods: 4
  getInvocationHandler | proxy
  getProxyClass | loader, interfaces
  isProxyClass | cl
  newProxyInstance | loader, interfaces, h
java.lang.reflect.ReflectPermission
 Methods: 0
java.lang.reflect.InvocationTargetException
 Methods: 2
  getCause | 
  getTargetException | 
java.lang.reflect.MalformedParameterizedTypeException
 Methods: 0
java.lang.reflect.UndeclaredThrowableException
 Methods: 2
  getCause | 
  getUndeclaredThrowable | 
java.lang.reflect.GenericSignatureFormatError
 Methods: 0
java.math.BigDecimal
 Methods: 60
  abs | mc
  abs | 
  add | augend
  add | augend, mc
  byteValueExact | 
  compareTo | val
  divide | divisor, scale, roundingMode
  divide | divisor, scale, roundingMode
  divide | divisor, roundingMode
  divide | divisor, mc
  divide | divisor, roundingMode
  divide | divisor
  divideAndRemainder | divisor, mc
  divideAndRemainder | divisor
  divideToIntegralValue | divisor, mc
  divideToIntegralValue | divisor
  doubleValue | 
  equals | x
  floatValue | 
  hashCode | 
  intValue | 
  intValueExact | 
  longValue | 
  longValueExact | 
  max | val
  min | val
  movePointLeft | n
  movePointRight | n
  multiply | multiplicand, mc
  multiply | multiplicand
  negate | 
  negate | mc
  plus | 
  plus | mc
  pow | n, mc
  pow | n
  precision | 
  remainder | divisor
  remainder | divisor, mc
  round | mc
  scale | 
  scaleByPowerOfTen | n
  setScale | newScale, roundingMode
  setScale | newScale
  setScale | newScale, roundingMode
  shortValueExact | 
  signum | 
  stripTrailingZeros | 
  subtract | subtrahend
  subtract | subtrahend, mc
  toBigInteger | 
  toBigIntegerExact | 
  toEngineeringString | 
  toPlainString | 
  toString | 
  ulp | 
  unscaledValue | 
  valueOf | val
  valueOf | unscaledVal
  valueOf | unscaledVal, scale
java.math.MathContext
 Methods: 5
  equals | x
  getPrecision | 
  getRoundingMode | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.math.RoundingMode
 Methods: 3
  valueOf | name
  valueOf | mode
  values | 
java.net.ContentHandlerFactory
 Methods: 1
  createContentHandler | mimetype
java.net.CookiePolicy
 Methods: 1
  shouldAccept | uri, cookie
java.net.CookieStore
 Methods: 6
  add | uri, cookie
  get | uri
  getCookies | 
  getURIs | 
  remove | uri, cookie
  removeAll | 
java.net.DatagramSocketImplFactory
 Methods: 1
  createDatagramSocketImpl | 
java.net.FileNameMap
 Methods: 1
  getContentTypeFor | fileName
java.net.ProtocolFamily
 Methods: 1
  name | 
java.net.SocketImplFactory
 Methods: 1
  createSocketImpl | 
java.net.SocketOption
 Methods: 2
  name | 
  type | 
java.net.SocketOptions
 Methods: 2
  getOption | optID
  setOption | optID, value
java.net.URLStreamHandlerFactory
 Methods: 1
  createURLStreamHandler | protocol
java.net.Authenticator
 Methods: 4
  requestPasswordAuthentication | host, addr, port, protocol, prompt, scheme, url, reqType
  requestPasswordAuthentication | addr, port, protocol, prompt, scheme
  requestPasswordAuthentication | host, addr, port, protocol, prompt, scheme
  setDefault | a
java.net.CacheRequest
 Methods: 2
  abort | 
  getBody | 
java.net.CacheResponse
 Methods: 2
  getBody | 
  getHeaders | 
java.net.ContentHandler
 Methods: 2
  getContent | urlc
  getContent | urlc, classes
java.net.CookieHandler
 Methods: 4
  get | uri, , requestHeaders
  getDefault | 
  put | uri, , responseHeaders
  setDefault | cHandler
java.net.CookieManager
 Methods: 4
  get | uri, , requestHeaders
  getCookieStore | 
  put | uri, , responseHeaders
  setCookiePolicy | cookiePolicy
java.net.DatagramPacket
 Methods: 12
  getAddress | 
  getData | 
  getLength | 
  getOffset | 
  getPort | 
  getSocketAddress | 
  setAddress | iaddr
  setData | buf, offset, length
  setData | buf
  setLength | length
  setPort | iport
  setSocketAddress | address
java.net.DatagramSocket
 Methods: 30
  bind | addr
  close | 
  connect | address, port
  connect | addr
  disconnect | 
  getBroadcast | 
  getChannel | 
  getInetAddress | 
  getLocalAddress | 
  getLocalPort | 
  getLocalSocketAddress | 
  getPort | 
  getReceiveBufferSize | 
  getRemoteSocketAddress | 
  getReuseAddress | 
  getSendBufferSize | 
  getSoTimeout | 
  getTrafficClass | 
  isBound | 
  isClosed | 
  isConnected | 
  receive | p
  send | p
  setBroadcast | on
  setDatagramSocketImplFactory | fac
  setReceiveBufferSize | size
  setReuseAddress | on
  setSendBufferSize | size
  setSoTimeout | timeout
  setTrafficClass | tc
java.net.DatagramSocketImpl
 Methods: 0
java.net.HttpCookie
 Methods: 30
  clone | 
  domainMatches | domain, host
  equals | obj
  getComment | 
  getCommentURL | 
  getDiscard | 
  getDomain | 
  getMaxAge | 
  getName | 
  getPath | 
  getPortlist | 
  getSecure | 
  getValue | 
  getVersion | 
  hasExpired | 
  hashCode | 
  isHttpOnly | 
  parse | header
  setComment | purpose
  setCommentURL | purpose
  setDiscard | discard
  setDomain | pattern
  setHttpOnly | httpOnly
  setMaxAge | expiry
  setPath | uri
  setPortlist | ports
  setSecure | flag
  setValue | newValue
  setVersion | v
  toString | 
java.net.HttpURLConnection
 Methods: 18
  disconnect | 
  getErrorStream | 
  getFollowRedirects | 
  getHeaderField | n
  getHeaderFieldDate | name, Default
  getHeaderFieldKey | n
  getInstanceFollowRedirects | 
  getPermission | 
  getRequestMethod | 
  getResponseCode | 
  getResponseMessage | 
  setChunkedStreamingMode | chunklen
  setFixedLengthStreamingMode | contentLength
  setFixedLengthStreamingMode | contentLength
  setFollowRedirects | set
  setInstanceFollowRedirects | followRedirects
  setRequestMethod | method
  usingProxy | 
java.net.IDN
 Methods: 4
  toASCII | input, flag
  toASCII | input
  toUnicode | input, flag
  toUnicode | input
java.net.Inet4Address
 Methods: 14
  equals | obj
  getAddress | 
  getHostAddress | 
  hashCode | 
  isAnyLocalAddress | 
  isLinkLocalAddress | 
  isLoopbackAddress | 
  isMCGlobal | 
  isMCLinkLocal | 
  isMCNodeLocal | 
  isMCOrgLocal | 
  isMCSiteLocal | 
  isMulticastAddress | 
  isSiteLocalAddress | 
java.net.Inet6Address
 Methods: 19
  equals | obj
  getAddress | 
  getByAddress | host, addr, scope_id
  getByAddress | host, addr, nif
  getHostAddress | 
  getScopeId | 
  getScopedInterface | 
  hashCode | 
  isAnyLocalAddress | 
  isIPv4CompatibleAddress | 
  isLinkLocalAddress | 
  isLoopbackAddress | 
  isMCGlobal | 
  isMCLinkLocal | 
  isMCNodeLocal | 
  isMCOrgLocal | 
  isMCSiteLocal | 
  isMulticastAddress | 
  isSiteLocalAddress | 
java.net.InetAddress
 Methods: 25
  equals | obj
  getAddress | 
  getAllByName | host
  getByAddress | addr
  getByAddress | host, addr
  getByName | host
  getCanonicalHostName | 
  getHostAddress | 
  getHostName | 
  getLocalHost | 
  getLoopbackAddress | 
  hashCode | 
  isAnyLocalAddress | 
  isLinkLocalAddress | 
  isLoopbackAddress | 
  isMCGlobal | 
  isMCLinkLocal | 
  isMCNodeLocal | 
  isMCOrgLocal | 
  isMCSiteLocal | 
  isMulticastAddress | 
  isReachable | timeout
  isReachable | netif, ttl, timeout
  isSiteLocalAddress | 
  toString | 
java.net.InetSocketAddress
 Methods: 9
  createUnresolved | host, port
  equals | obj
  getAddress | 
  getHostName | 
  getHostString | 
  getPort | 
  hashCode | 
  isUnresolved | 
  toString | 
java.net.InterfaceAddress
 Methods: 6
  equals | obj
  getAddress | 
  getBroadcast | 
  getNetworkPrefixLength | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.net.JarURLConnection
 Methods: 8
  getAttributes | 
  getCertificates | 
  getEntryName | 
  getJarEntry | 
  getJarFile | 
  getJarFileURL | 
  getMainAttributes | 
  getManifest | 
java.net.MulticastSocket
 Methods: 15
  getInterface | 
  getLoopbackMode | 
  getNetworkInterface | 
  getTTL | 
  getTimeToLive | 
  joinGroup | mcastaddr, netIf
  joinGroup | mcastaddr
  leaveGroup | mcastaddr, netIf
  leaveGroup | mcastaddr
  send | p, ttl
  setInterface | inf
  setLoopbackMode | disable
  setNetworkInterface | netIf
  setTTL | ttl
  setTimeToLive | ttl
java.net.NetPermission
 Methods: 0
java.net.NetworkInterface
 Methods: 21
  equals | obj
  getByIndex | index
  getByInetAddress | addr
  getByName | name
  getDisplayName | 
  getHardwareAddress | 
  getIndex | 
  getInetAddresses | 
  getInterfaceAddresses | 
  getMTU | 
  getName | 
  getNetworkInterfaces | 
  getParent | 
  getSubInterfaces | 
  hashCode | 
  isLoopback | 
  isPointToPoint | 
  isUp | 
  isVirtual | 
  supportsMulticast | 
  toString | 
java.net.PasswordAuthentication
 Methods: 2
  getPassword | 
  getUserName | 
java.net.Proxy
 Methods: 5
  address | 
  equals | obj
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
  type | 
java.net.ProxySelector
 Methods: 4
  connectFailed | uri, sa, ioe
  getDefault | 
  select | uri
  setDefault | ps
java.net.ResponseCache
 Methods: 4
  get | uri, rqstMethod, , rqstHeaders
  getDefault | 
  put | uri, conn
  setDefault | responseCache
java.net.SecureCacheResponse
 Methods: 5
  getCipherSuite | 
  getLocalCertificateChain | 
  getLocalPrincipal | 
  getPeerPrincipal | 
  getServerCertificateChain | 
java.net.ServerSocket
 Methods: 19
  accept | 
  bind | endpoint, backlog
  bind | endpoint
  close | 
  getChannel | 
  getInetAddress | 
  getLocalPort | 
  getLocalSocketAddress | 
  getReceiveBufferSize | 
  getReuseAddress | 
  getSoTimeout | 
  isBound | 
  isClosed | 
  setPerformancePreferences | connectionTime, latency, bandwidth
  setReceiveBufferSize | size
  setReuseAddress | on
  setSoTimeout | timeout
  setSocketFactory | fac
  toString |
java.net.SocketAddress
 Methods: 0
java.net.SocketImpl
 Methods: 1
  toString | 
java.net.SocketPermission
 Methods: 2
  getActions | 
  implies | p
java.net.StandardSocketOptions
 Methods: 0
java.net.URI
 Methods: 29
  compareTo | that
  create | str
  equals | ob
  getAuthority | 
  getFragment | 
  getHost | 
  getPath | 
  getPort | 
  getQuery | 
  getRawAuthority | 
  getRawFragment | 
  getRawPath | 
  getRawQuery | 
  getRawSchemeSpecificPart | 
  getRawUserInfo | 
  getScheme | 
  getSchemeSpecificPart | 
  getUserInfo | 
  hashCode | 
  isAbsolute | 
  isOpaque | 
  normalize | 
  parseServerAuthority | 
  relativize | uri
  resolve | uri
  resolve | str
  toASCIIString | 
  toString | 
  toURL | 
java.net.URL
 Methods: 22
  equals | obj
  getAuthority | 
  getContent | 
  getContent | classes
  getDefaultPort | 
  getFile | 
  getHost | 
  getPath | 
  getPort | 
  getProtocol | 
  getQuery | 
  getRef | 
  getUserInfo | 
  hashCode | 
  openConnection | proxy
  openConnection | 
  openStream | 
  sameFile | other
  setURLStreamHandlerFactory | fac
  toExternalForm | 
  toString | 
  toURI | 
java.net.URLClassLoader
 Methods: 7
  close | 
  findResource | name
  findResources | name
  getResourceAsStream | name
  getURLs | 
  newInstance | urls, parent
  newInstance | urls
java.net.URLConnection
 Methods: 51
  addRequestProperty | key, value
  connect | 
  getAllowUserInteraction | 
  getConnectTimeout | 
  getContent | 
  getContent | classes
  getContentEncoding | 
  getContentLength | 
  getContentLengthLong | 
  getContentType | 
  getDate | 
  getDefaultAllowUserInteraction | 
  getDefaultRequestProperty | key
  getDefaultUseCaches | 
  getDoInput | 
  getDoOutput | 
  getExpiration | 
  getFileNameMap | 
  getHeaderField | name
  getHeaderField | n
  getHeaderFieldDate | name, Default
  getHeaderFieldInt | name, Default
  getHeaderFieldKey | n
  getHeaderFieldLong | name, Default
  getHeaderFields | 
  getIfModifiedSince | 
  getInputStream | 
  getLastModified | 
  getOutputStream | 
  getPermission | 
  getReadTimeout | 
  getRequestProperties | 
  getRequestProperty | key
  getURL | 
  getUseCaches | 
  guessContentTypeFromName | fname
  guessContentTypeFromStream | is
  setAllowUserInteraction | allowuserinteraction
  setConnectTimeout | timeout
  setContentHandlerFactory | fac
  setDefaultAllowUserInteraction | defaultallowuserinteraction
  setDefaultRequestProperty | key, value
  setDefaultUseCaches | defaultusecaches
  setDoInput | doinput
  setDoOutput | dooutput
  setFileNameMap | map
  setIfModifiedSince | ifmodifiedsince
  setReadTimeout | timeout
  setRequestProperty | key, value
  setUseCaches | usecaches
  toString | 
java.net.URLDecoder
 Methods: 2
  decode | s
  decode | s, enc
java.net.URLEncoder
 Methods: 2
  encode | s, enc
  encode | s
java.net.URLStreamHandler
 Methods: 0
java.net.Authenticator$RequestorType
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.net.Proxy$Type
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.net.StandardProtocolFamily
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.net.BindException
 Methods: 0
java.net.ConnectException
 Methods: 0
java.net.HttpRetryException
 Methods: 3
  getLocation | 
  getReason | 
  responseCode | 
java.net.MalformedURLException
 Methods: 0
java.net.NoRouteToHostException
 Methods: 0
java.net.PortUnreachableException
 Methods: 0
java.net.ProtocolException
 Methods: 0
java.net.SocketException
 Methods: 0
java.net.SocketTimeoutException
 Methods: 0
java.net.UnknownHostException
 Methods: 0
java.net.UnknownServiceException
 Methods: 0
java.net.URISyntaxException
 Methods: 4
  getIndex | 
  getInput | 
  getMessage | 
  getReason | 
java.nio.Buffer
 Methods: 17
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  capacity | 
  clear | 
  flip | 
  hasArray | 
  hasRemaining | 
  isDirect | 
  isReadOnly | 
  limit | 
  limit | newLimit
  mark | 
  position | newPosition
  position | 
  remaining | 
  reset | 
  rewind | 
java.nio.ByteBuffer
 Methods: 57
  allocate | capacity
  allocateDirect | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asCharBuffer | 
  asDoubleBuffer | 
  asFloatBuffer | 
  asIntBuffer | 
  asLongBuffer | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  asShortBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | 
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | index
  get | dst
  getChar | 
  getChar | index
  getDouble | index
  getDouble | 
  getFloat | 
  getFloat | index
  getInt | index
  getInt | 
  getLong | index
  getLong | 
  getShort | index
  getShort | 
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  order | bo
  put | src
  put | b
  put | src, offset, length
  put | index, b
  put | src
  putChar | index, value
  putChar | value
  putDouble | value
  putDouble | index, value
  putFloat | index, value
  putFloat | value
  putInt | index, value
  putInt | value
  putLong | value
  putLong | index, value
  putShort | value
  putShort | index, value
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array
  wrap | array, offset, length
java.nio.ByteOrder
 Methods: 2
  nativeOrder | 
  toString | 
java.nio.CharBuffer
 Methods: 37
  allocate | capacity
  append | c
  append | csq, start, end
  append | csq
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  charAt | index
  chars | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | 
  get | dst
  get | index
  get | dst, offset, length
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  length | 
  order | 
  put | src
  put | index, c
  put | src
  put | src
  put | c
  put | src, start, end
  put | src, offset, length
  read | target
  slice | 
  subSequence | start, end
  toString | 
  wrap | csq
  wrap | array, offset, length
  wrap | csq, start, end
  wrap | array
java.nio.DoubleBuffer
 Methods: 25
  allocate | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | 
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | dst
  get | index
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  put | src
  put | src, offset, length
  put | d
  put | src
  put | index, d
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array
  wrap | array, offset, length
java.nio.FloatBuffer
 Methods: 25
  allocate | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | dst
  get | 
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | index
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  put | src, offset, length
  put | src
  put | f
  put | index, f
  put | src
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array
  wrap | array, offset, length
java.nio.IntBuffer
 Methods: 25
  allocate | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | 
  get | index
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | dst
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  put | i
  put | src, offset, length
  put | index, i
  put | src
  put | src
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array
  wrap | array, offset, length
java.nio.LongBuffer
 Methods: 25
  allocate | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | dst
  get | 
  get | index
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  put | l
  put | src
  put | src, offset, length
  put | index, l
  put | src
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array
  wrap | array, offset, length
java.nio.MappedByteBuffer
 Methods: 3
  force | 
  isLoaded | 
  load | 
java.nio.ShortBuffer
 Methods: 25
  allocate | capacity
  array | 
  arrayOffset | 
  asReadOnlyBuffer | 
  compact | 
  compareTo | that
  duplicate | 
  equals | ob
  get | 
  get | dst, offset, length
  get | dst
  get | index
  hasArray | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirect | 
  order | 
  put | src, offset, length
  put | src
  put | s
  put | index, s
  put | src
  slice | 
  toString | 
  wrap | array, offset, length
  wrap | array
java.nio.BufferOverflowException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.BufferUnderflowException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.InvalidMarkException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.ReadOnlyBufferException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousByteChannel
 Methods: 4
  read | dst, attachment, , handler
  read | dst
  write | src, attachment, , handler
  write | src
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousChannel
 Methods: 1
  close | 
java.nio.channels.ByteChannel
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.Channel
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  isOpen | 
java.nio.channels.CompletionHandler
 Methods: 2
  completed | result, attachment
  failed | exc, attachment
java.nio.channels.GatheringByteChannel
 Methods: 2
  write | srcs
  write | srcs, offset, length
java.nio.channels.InterruptibleChannel
 Methods: 1
  close | 
java.nio.channels.MulticastChannel
 Methods: 3
  close | 
  join | group, interf
  join | group, interf, source
java.nio.channels.NetworkChannel
 Methods: 5
  bind | local
  getLocalAddress | 
  getOption | name
  setOption | name, value
  supportedOptions | 
java.nio.channels.ReadableByteChannel
 Methods: 1
  read | dst
java.nio.channels.ScatteringByteChannel
 Methods: 2
  read | dsts, offset, length
  read | dsts
java.nio.channels.SeekableByteChannel
 Methods: 6
  position | 
  position | newPosition
  read | dst
  size | 
  truncate | size
  write | src
java.nio.channels.WritableByteChannel
 Methods: 1
  write | src
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousChannelGroup
 Methods: 9
  awaitTermination | timeout, unit
  isShutdown | 
  isTerminated | 
  provider | 
  shutdown | 
  shutdownNow | 
  withCachedThreadPool | executor, initialSize
  withFixedThreadPool | nThreads, threadFactory
  withThreadPool | executor
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousFileChannel
 Methods: 15
  force | metaData
  lock | position, size, shared, attachment, , handler
  lock | position, size, shared
  lock | attachment, , handler
  lock | 
  open | file, options
  open | file, options, executor, attrs
  read | dst, position, attachment, , handler
  read | dst, position
  size | 
  truncate | size
  tryLock | position, size, shared
  tryLock | 
  write | src, position
  write | src, position, attachment, , handler
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousServerSocketChannel
 Methods: 9
  accept | attachment, , handler
  accept | 
  bind | local, backlog
  bind | local
  getLocalAddress | 
  open | group
  open | 
  provider | 
  setOption | name, value
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousSocketChannel
 Methods: 19
  bind | local
  connect | remote
  connect | remote, attachment, , handler
  getLocalAddress | 
  getRemoteAddress | 
  open | group
  open | 
  provider | 
  read | dst
  read | dst, attachment, , handler
  read | dsts, offset, length, timeout, unit, attachment, , handler
  read | dst, timeout, unit, attachment, , handler
  setOption | name, value
  shutdownInput | 
  shutdownOutput | 
  write | src
  write | src, timeout, unit, attachment, , handler
  write | src, attachment, , handler
  write | srcs, offset, length, timeout, unit, attachment, , handler
java.nio.channels.Channels
 Methods: 10
  newChannel | in
  newChannel | out
  newInputStream | ch
  newInputStream | ch
  newOutputStream | ch
  newOutputStream | ch
  newReader | ch, dec, minBufferCap
  newReader | ch, csName
  newWriter | ch, enc, minBufferCap
  newWriter | ch, csName
java.nio.channels.DatagramChannel
 Methods: 19
  bind | local
  connect | remote
  disconnect | 
  getLocalAddress | 
  getRemoteAddress | 
  isConnected | 
  open | 
  open | family
  read | dsts, offset, length
  read | dst
  read | dsts
  receive | dst
  send | src, target
  setOption | name, value
  socket | 
  validOps | 
  write | src
  write | srcs
  write | srcs, offset, length
java.nio.channels.FileChannel
 Methods: 22
  force | metaData
  lock | position, size, shared
  lock | 
  map | mode, position, size
  open | path, options
  open | path, options, attrs
  position | newPosition
  position | 
  read | dsts, offset, length
  read | dst
  read | dsts
  read | dst, position
  size | 
  transferFrom | src, position, count
  transferTo | position, count, target
  truncate | size
  tryLock | position, size, shared
  tryLock | 
  write | src
  write | src, position
  write | srcs
  write | srcs, offset, length
java.nio.channels.FileChannel$MapMode
 Methods: 1
  toString | 
java.nio.channels.FileLock
 Methods: 10
  acquiredBy | 
  channel | 
  close | 
  isShared | 
  isValid | 
  overlaps | position, size
  position | 
  release | 
  size | 
  toString | 
java.nio.channels.MembershipKey
 Methods: 8
  block | source
  channel | 
  drop | 
  group | 
  isValid | 
  networkInterface | 
  sourceAddress | 
  unblock | source
java.nio.channels.Pipe
 Methods: 3
  open | 
  sink | 
  source | 
java.nio.channels.Pipe$SinkChannel
 Methods: 1
  validOps | 
java.nio.channels.Pipe$SourceChannel
 Methods: 1
  validOps | 
java.nio.channels.SelectableChannel
 Methods: 9
  blockingLock | 
  configureBlocking | block
  isBlocking | 
  isRegistered | 
  keyFor | sel
  provider | 
  register | sel, ops, att
  register | sel, ops
  validOps | 
java.nio.channels.SelectionKey
 Methods: 13
  attach | ob
  attachment | 
  cancel | 
  channel | 
  interestOps | 
  interestOps | ops
  isAcceptable | 
  isConnectable | 
  isReadable | 
  isValid | 
  isWritable | 
  readyOps | 
  selector | 
java.nio.channels.Selector
 Methods: 10
  close | 
  isOpen | 
  keys | 
  open | 
  provider | 
  select | timeout
  select | 
  selectNow | 
  selectedKeys | 
  wakeup | 
java.nio.channels.ServerSocketChannel
 Methods: 8
  accept | 
  bind | local, backlog
  bind | local
  getLocalAddress | 
  open | 
  setOption | name, value
  socket | 
  validOps | 
java.nio.channels.SocketChannel
 Methods: 20
  bind | local
  connect | remote
  finishConnect | 
  getLocalAddress | 
  getRemoteAddress | 
  isConnected | 
  isConnectionPending | 
  open | 
  open | remote
  read | dsts, offset, length
  read | dst
  read | dsts
  setOption | name, value
  shutdownInput | 
  shutdownOutput | 
  socket | 
  validOps | 
  write | src
  write | srcs
  write | srcs, offset, length
java.nio.channels.AcceptPendingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.AlreadyBoundException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.AlreadyConnectedException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.AsynchronousCloseException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.CancelledKeyException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ClosedByInterruptException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ClosedChannelException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ClosedSelectorException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ConnectionPendingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.FileLockInterruptionException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.IllegalBlockingModeException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.IllegalChannelGroupException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.IllegalSelectorException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.InterruptedByTimeoutException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.NoConnectionPendingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.NonReadableChannelException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.NonWritableChannelException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.NotYetBoundException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.NotYetConnectedException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.OverlappingFileLockException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ReadPendingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.ShutdownChannelGroupException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.UnresolvedAddressException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.UnsupportedAddressTypeException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.WritePendingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.channels.spi.AbstractInterruptibleChannel
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  isOpen | 
java.nio.channels.spi.AbstractSelectableChannel
 Methods: 7
  blockingLock | 
  configureBlocking | block
  isBlocking | 
  isRegistered | 
  keyFor | sel
  provider | 
  register | sel, ops, att
java.nio.channels.spi.AbstractSelectionKey
 Methods: 2
  cancel | 
  isValid | 
java.nio.channels.spi.AbstractSelector
 Methods: 3
  close | 
  isOpen | 
  provider | 
java.nio.channels.spi.AsynchronousChannelProvider
 Methods: 5
  openAsynchronousChannelGroup | nThreads, threadFactory
  openAsynchronousChannelGroup | executor, initialSize
  openAsynchronousServerSocketChannel | group
  openAsynchronousSocketChannel | group
  provider | 
java.nio.channels.spi.SelectorProvider
 Methods: 8
  inheritedChannel | 
  openDatagramChannel | family
  openDatagramChannel | 
  openPipe | 
  openSelector | 
  openServerSocketChannel | 
  openSocketChannel | 
  provider | 
java.nio.charset.Charset
 Methods: 20
  aliases | 
  availableCharsets | 
  canEncode | 
  compareTo | that
  contains | cs
  decode | bb
  defaultCharset | 
  displayName | 
  displayName | locale
  encode | str
  encode | cb
  equals | ob
  forName | charsetName
  hashCode | 
  isRegistered | 
  isSupported | charsetName
  name | 
  newDecoder | 
  newEncoder | 
  toString | 
java.nio.charset.CharsetDecoder
 Methods: 16
  averageCharsPerByte | 
  charset | 
  decode | in
  decode | in, out, endOfInput
  detectedCharset | 
  flush | out
  isAutoDetecting | 
  isCharsetDetected | 
  malformedInputAction | 
  maxCharsPerByte | 
  onMalformedInput | newAction
  onUnmappableCharacter | newAction
  replaceWith | newReplacement
  replacement | 
  reset | 
  unmappableCharacterAction | 
java.nio.charset.CharsetEncoder
 Methods: 16
  averageBytesPerChar | 
  canEncode | c
  canEncode | cs
  charset | 
  encode | in
  encode | in, out, endOfInput
  flush | out
  isLegalReplacement | repl
  malformedInputAction | 
  maxBytesPerChar | 
  onMalformedInput | newAction
  onUnmappableCharacter | newAction
  replaceWith | newReplacement
  replacement | 
  reset | 
  unmappableCharacterAction | 
java.nio.charset.CoderResult
 Methods: 10
  isError | 
  isMalformed | 
  isOverflow | 
  isUnderflow | 
  isUnmappable | 
  length | 
  malformedForLength | length
  throwException | 
  toString | 
  unmappableForLength | length
java.nio.charset.CodingErrorAction
 Methods: 1
  toString | 
java.nio.charset.StandardCharsets
 Methods: 0
java.nio.charset.CharacterCodingException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.charset.IllegalCharsetNameException
 Methods: 1
  getCharsetName | 
java.nio.charset.MalformedInputException
 Methods: 2
  getInputLength | 
  getMessage | 
java.nio.charset.UnmappableCharacterException
 Methods: 2
  getInputLength | 
  getMessage | 
java.nio.charset.UnsupportedCharsetException
 Methods: 1
  getCharsetName | 
java.nio.charset.CoderMalfunctionError
 Methods: 0
java.nio.charset.spi.CharsetProvider
 Methods: 2
  charsetForName | charsetName
  charsets | 
java.nio.file.CopyOption
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.DirectoryStream
 Methods: 1
  iterator | 
java.nio.file.DirectoryStream$Filter
 Methods: 1
  accept | entry
java.nio.file.FileVisitor
 Methods: 4
  postVisitDirectory | dir, exc
  preVisitDirectory | dir, attrs
  visitFile | file, attrs
  visitFileFailed | file, exc
java.nio.file.OpenOption
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.Path
 Methods: 29
  compareTo | other
  endsWith | other
  endsWith | other
  equals | other
  getFileName | 
  getFileSystem | 
  getName | index
  getNameCount | 
  getParent | 
  getRoot | 
  hashCode | 
  isAbsolute | 
  iterator | 
  normalize | 
  register | watcher, events
  register | watcher, events, modifiers
  relativize | other
  resolve | other
  resolve | other
  resolveSibling | other
  resolveSibling | other
  startsWith | other
  startsWith | other
  subpath | beginIndex, endIndex
  toAbsolutePath | 
  toFile | 
  toRealPath | options
  toString | 
  toUri | 
java.nio.file.PathMatcher
 Methods: 1
  matches | path
java.nio.file.SecureDirectoryStream
 Methods: 7
  deleteDirectory | path
  deleteFile | path
  getFileAttributeView | type
  getFileAttributeView | path, type, options
  move | srcpath, targetdir, targetpath
  newByteChannel | path, options, attrs
  newDirectoryStream | path, options
java.nio.file.Watchable
 Methods: 2
  register | watcher, events, modifiers
  register | watcher, events
java.nio.file.WatchEvent
 Methods: 3
  context | 
  count | 
  kind | 
java.nio.file.WatchEvent$Kind
 Methods: 2
  name | 
  type | 
java.nio.file.WatchEvent$Modifier
 Methods: 1
  name | 
java.nio.file.WatchKey
 Methods: 5
  cancel | 
  isValid | 
  pollEvents | 
  reset | 
  watchable | 
java.nio.file.WatchService
 Methods: 4
  close | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  take | 
java.nio.file.Files
 Methods: 65
  copy | source, target, options
  copy | source, out
  copy | in, target, options
  createDirectories | dir, attrs
  createDirectory | dir, attrs
  createFile | path, attrs
  createLink | link, existing
  createSymbolicLink | link, target, attrs
  createTempDirectory | prefix, attrs
  createTempDirectory | dir, prefix, attrs
  createTempFile | dir, prefix, suffix, attrs
  createTempFile | prefix, suffix, attrs
  delete | path
  deleteIfExists | path
  exists | path, options
  find | start, maxDepth, , matcher, options
  getAttribute | path, attribute, options
  getFileAttributeView | path, type, options
  getFileStore | path
  getLastModifiedTime | path, options
  getOwner | path, options
  getPosixFilePermissions | path, options
  isDirectory | path, options
  isExecutable | path
  isHidden | path
  isReadable | path
  isRegularFile | path, options
  isSameFile | path, path2
  isSymbolicLink | path
  isWritable | path
  lines | path
  lines | path, cs
  list | dir
  move | source, target, options
  newBufferedReader | path, cs
  newBufferedReader | path
  newBufferedWriter | path, options
  newBufferedWriter | path, cs, options
  newByteChannel | path, options
  newByteChannel | path, options, attrs
  newDirectoryStream | dir, glob
  newDirectoryStream | dir, filter
  newDirectoryStream | dir
  newInputStream | path, options
  newOutputStream | path, options
  notExists | path, options
  probeContentType | path
  readAllBytes | path
  readAllLines | path, cs
  readAllLines | path
  readAttributes | path, attributes, options
  readAttributes | path, type, options
  readSymbolicLink | link
  setAttribute | path, attribute, value, options
  setLastModifiedTime | path, time
  setOwner | path, owner
  setPosixFilePermissions | path, perms
  size | path
  walk | start, options
  walk | start, maxDepth, options
  walkFileTree | start, visitor
  walkFileTree | start, options, maxDepth, visitor
  write | path, lines, options
  write | path, lines, cs, options
  write | path, bytes, options
java.nio.file.FileStore
 Methods: 10
  getAttribute | attribute
  getFileStoreAttributeView | type
  getTotalSpace | 
  getUnallocatedSpace | 
  getUsableSpace | 
  isReadOnly | 
  name | 
  supportsFileAttributeView | name
  supportsFileAttributeView | type
  type | 
java.nio.file.FileSystem
 Methods: 12
  close | 
  getFileStores | 
  getPath | first, more
  getPathMatcher | syntaxAndPattern
  getRootDirectories | 
  getSeparator | 
  getUserPrincipalLookupService | 
  isOpen | 
  isReadOnly | 
  newWatchService | 
  provider | 
  supportedFileAttributeViews | 
java.nio.file.FileSystems
 Methods: 5
  getDefault | 
  getFileSystem | uri
  newFileSystem | path, loader
  newFileSystem | uri, , env
  newFileSystem | uri, , env, loader
java.nio.file.LinkPermission
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.Paths
 Methods: 2
  get | uri
  get | first, more
java.nio.file.SimpleFileVisitor
 Methods: 4
  postVisitDirectory | dir, exc
  preVisitDirectory | dir, attrs
  visitFile | file, attrs
  visitFileFailed | file, exc
java.nio.file.StandardWatchEventKinds
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.AccessMode
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.FileVisitOption
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.FileVisitResult
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.LinkOption
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.StandardCopyOption
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.StandardOpenOption
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.AccessDeniedException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.AtomicMoveNotSupportedException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ClosedDirectoryStreamException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ClosedFileSystemException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ClosedWatchServiceException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.DirectoryIteratorException
 Methods: 1
  getCause | 
java.nio.file.DirectoryNotEmptyException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.FileAlreadyExistsException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.FileSystemAlreadyExistsException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.FileSystemException
 Methods: 4
  getFile | 
  getMessage | 
  getOtherFile | 
  getReason | 
java.nio.file.FileSystemLoopException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.FileSystemNotFoundException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.InvalidPathException
 Methods: 4
  getIndex | 
  getInput | 
  getMessage | 
  getReason | 
java.nio.file.NoSuchFileException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.NotDirectoryException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.NotLinkException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ProviderMismatchException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ProviderNotFoundException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.ReadOnlyFileSystemException
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.attribute.AclFileAttributeView
 Methods: 3
  getAcl | 
  name | 
  setAcl | acl
java.nio.file.attribute.AttributeView
 Methods: 1
  name | 
java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributes
 Methods: 9
  creationTime | 
  fileKey | 
  isDirectory | 
  isOther | 
  isRegularFile | 
  isSymbolicLink | 
  lastAccessTime | 
  lastModifiedTime | 
  size | 
java.nio.file.attribute.BasicFileAttributeView
 Methods: 3
  name | 
  readAttributes | 
  setTimes | lastModifiedTime, lastAccessTime, createTime
java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributes
 Methods: 4
  isArchive | 
  isHidden | 
  isReadOnly | 
  isSystem | 
java.nio.file.attribute.DosFileAttributeView
 Methods: 6
  name | 
  readAttributes | 
  setArchive | value
  setHidden | value
  setReadOnly | value
  setSystem | value
java.nio.file.attribute.FileAttribute
 Methods: 2
  name | 
  value | 
java.nio.file.attribute.FileAttributeView
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.attribute.FileOwnerAttributeView
 Methods: 3
  getOwner | 
  name | 
  setOwner | owner
java.nio.file.attribute.FileStoreAttributeView
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.attribute.GroupPrincipal
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.attribute.PosixFileAttributes
 Methods: 3
  group | 
  owner | 
  permissions | 
java.nio.file.attribute.PosixFileAttributeView
 Methods: 4
  name | 
  readAttributes | 
  setGroup | group
  setPermissions | perms
java.nio.file.attribute.UserDefinedFileAttributeView
 Methods: 6
  delete | name
  list | 
  name | 
  read | name, dst
  size | name
  write | name, src
java.nio.file.attribute.UserPrincipal
 Methods: 0
java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry
 Methods: 9
  equals | ob
  flags | 
  hashCode | 
  newBuilder | entry
  newBuilder | 
  permissions | 
  principal | 
  toString | 
  type | 
java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntry$Builder
 Methods: 7
  build | 
  setFlags | flags
  setFlags | flags
  setPermissions | perms
  setPermissions | perms
  setPrincipal | who
  setType | type
java.nio.file.attribute.FileTime
 Methods: 10
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  from | instant
  from | value, unit
  fromMillis | value
  hashCode | 
  to | unit
  toInstant | 
  toMillis | 
  toString | 
java.nio.file.attribute.PosixFilePermissions
 Methods: 3
  asFileAttribute | perms
  fromString | perms
  toString | perms
java.nio.file.attribute.UserPrincipalLookupService
 Methods: 2
  lookupPrincipalByGroupName | group
  lookupPrincipalByName | name
java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryFlag
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryPermission
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.attribute.AclEntryType
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.attribute.PosixFilePermission
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.nio.file.attribute.UserPrincipalNotFoundException
 Methods: 1
  getName | 
java.nio.file.spi.FileSystemProvider
 Methods: 28
  checkAccess | path, modes
  copy | source, target, options
  createDirectory | dir, attrs
  createLink | link, existing
  createSymbolicLink | link, target, attrs
  delete | path
  deleteIfExists | path
  getFileAttributeView | path, type, options
  getFileStore | path
  getFileSystem | uri
  getPath | uri
  getScheme | 
  installedProviders | 
  isHidden | path
  isSameFile | path, path2
  move | source, target, options
  newAsynchronousFileChannel | path, options, executor, attrs
  newByteChannel | path, options, attrs
  newDirectoryStream | dir, filter
  newFileChannel | path, options, attrs
  newFileSystem | path, , env
  newFileSystem | uri, , env
  newInputStream | path, options
  newOutputStream | path, options
  readAttributes | path, attributes, options
  readAttributes | path, type, options
  readSymbolicLink | link
  setAttribute | path, attribute, value, options
java.nio.file.spi.FileTypeDetector
 Methods: 1
  probeContentType | path
java.security.AlgorithmConstraints
 Methods: 3
  permits | primitives, algorithm, parameters
  permits | primitives, algorithm, key, parameters
  permits | primitives, key
java.security.Certificate
 Methods: 7
  decode | stream
  encode | stream
  getFormat | 
  getGuarantor | 
  getPrincipal | 
  getPublicKey | 
  toString | detailed
java.security.DomainCombiner
 Methods: 1
  combine | currentDomains, assignedDomains
java.security.Guard
 Methods: 1
  checkGuard | object
java.security.Key
 Methods: 3
  getAlgorithm | 
  getEncoded | 
  getFormat | 
java.security.KeyStore$Entry
 Methods: 1
  getAttributes | 
java.security.KeyStore$Entry$Attribute
 Methods: 2
  getName | 
  getValue | 
java.security.KeyStore$LoadStoreParameter
 Methods: 1
  getProtectionParameter | 
java.security.KeyStore$ProtectionParameter
 Methods: 0
java.security.Policy$Parameters
 Methods: 0
java.security.Principal
 Methods: 5
  equals | another
  getName | 
  hashCode | 
  implies | subject
  toString | 
java.security.PrivateKey
 Methods: 0
java.security.PrivilegedAction
 Methods: 1
  run | 
java.security.PrivilegedExceptionAction
 Methods: 1
  run | 
java.security.PublicKey
 Methods: 0
java.security.AccessControlContext
 Methods: 2
  checkPermission | perm
  getDomainCombiner | 
java.security.AccessController
 Methods: 8
  checkPermission | perm
  doPrivileged | action, context
  doPrivileged | action
  doPrivileged | action
  doPrivileged | action, context
  doPrivilegedWithCombiner | action
  doPrivilegedWithCombiner | action
  getContext | 
java.security.AlgorithmParameterGenerator
 Methods: 10
  generateParameters | 
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  init | genParamSpec, random
  init | size
  init | size, random
  init | genParamSpec
java.security.AlgorithmParameterGeneratorSpi
 Methods: 0
java.security.AlgorithmParameters
 Methods: 12
  getAlgorithm | 
  getEncoded | format
  getEncoded | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getParameterSpec | paramSpec
  getProvider | 
  init | params
  init | paramSpec
  init | params, format
  toString | 
java.security.AlgorithmParametersSpi
 Methods: 0
java.security.AllPermission
 Methods: 2
  getActions | 
  implies | p
java.security.AuthProvider
 Methods: 3
  login | subject, handler
  logout | 
  setCallbackHandler | handler
java.security.BasicPermission
 Methods: 2
  getActions | 
  implies | p
java.security.CodeSigner
 Methods: 5
  equals | obj
  getSignerCertPath | 
  getTimestamp | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.security.CodeSource
 Methods: 4
  getCertificates | 
  getCodeSigners | 
  getLocation | 
  implies | codesource
java.security.DigestInputStream
 Methods: 6
  getMessageDigest | 
  on | on
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  setMessageDigest | digest
  toString | 
java.security.DigestOutputStream
 Methods: 6
  getMessageDigest | 
  on | on
  setMessageDigest | digest
  toString | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.security.DomainLoadStoreParameter
 Methods: 3
  getConfiguration | 
  getProtectionParameter | 
  getProtectionParams | 
java.security.GuardedObject
 Methods: 1
  getObject | 
java.security.Identity
 Methods: 13
  addCertificate | certificate
  certificates | 
  equals | identity
  getInfo | 
  getName | 
  getPublicKey | 
  getScope | 
  hashCode | 
  removeCertificate | certificate
  setInfo | info
  setPublicKey | key
  toString | 
  toString | detailed
java.security.IdentityScope
 Methods: 9
  addIdentity | identity
  getIdentity | name
  getIdentity | key
  getIdentity | principal
  getSystemScope | 
  identities | 
  removeIdentity | identity
  size | 
  toString | 
java.security.KeyFactory
 Methods: 9
  generatePrivate | keySpec
  generatePublic | keySpec
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getKeySpec | key, keySpec
  getProvider | 
  translateKey | key
java.security.KeyFactorySpi
 Methods: 0
java.security.KeyPair
 Methods: 2
  getPrivate | 
  getPublic | 
java.security.KeyPairGenerator
 Methods: 11
  genKeyPair | 
  generateKeyPair | 
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  initialize | params, random
  initialize | params
  initialize | keysize, random
  initialize | keysize
java.security.KeyPairGeneratorSpi
 Methods: 3
  generateKeyPair | 
  initialize | params, random
  initialize | keysize, random
java.security.KeyRep
 Methods: 0
java.security.KeyStore
 Methods: 27
  aliases | 
  containsAlias | alias
  deleteEntry | alias
  entryInstanceOf | alias, entryClass
  getCertificate | alias
  getCertificateAlias | cert
  getCertificateChain | alias
  getCreationDate | alias
  getDefaultType | 
  getEntry | alias, protParam
  getInstance | type
  getInstance | type, provider
  getInstance | type, provider
  getKey | alias, password
  getProvider | 
  getType | 
  isCertificateEntry | alias
  isKeyEntry | alias
  load | param
  load | stream, password
  setCertificateEntry | alias, cert
  setEntry | alias, entry, protParam
  setKeyEntry | alias, key, password, chain
  setKeyEntry | alias, key, chain
  size | 
  store | stream, password
  store | param
java.security.KeyStore$Builder
 Methods: 5
  getKeyStore | 
  getProtectionParameter | alias
  newInstance | type, provider, protection
  newInstance | type, provider, file, protection
  newInstance | keyStore, protectionParameter
java.security.KeyStore$CallbackHandlerProtection
 Methods: 1
  getCallbackHandler | 
java.security.KeyStore$PasswordProtection
 Methods: 5
  destroy | 
  getPassword | 
  getProtectionAlgorithm | 
  getProtectionParameters | 
  isDestroyed | 
java.security.KeyStore$PrivateKeyEntry
 Methods: 5
  getAttributes | 
  getCertificate | 
  getCertificateChain | 
  getPrivateKey | 
  toString | 
java.security.KeyStore$SecretKeyEntry
 Methods: 3
  getAttributes | 
  getSecretKey | 
  toString | 
java.security.KeyStore$TrustedCertificateEntry
 Methods: 3
  getAttributes | 
  getTrustedCertificate | 
  toString | 
java.security.KeyStoreSpi
 Methods: 21
  engineAliases | 
  engineContainsAlias | alias
  engineDeleteEntry | alias
  engineEntryInstanceOf | alias, entryClass
  engineGetCertificate | alias
  engineGetCertificateAlias | cert
  engineGetCertificateChain | alias
  engineGetCreationDate | alias
  engineGetEntry | alias, protParam
  engineGetKey | alias, password
  engineIsCertificateEntry | alias
  engineIsKeyEntry | alias
  engineLoad | param
  engineLoad | stream, password
  engineSetCertificateEntry | alias, cert
  engineSetEntry | alias, entry, protParam
  engineSetKeyEntry | alias, key, password, chain
  engineSetKeyEntry | alias, key, chain
  engineSize | 
  engineStore | param
  engineStore | stream, password
java.security.MessageDigest
 Methods: 17
  clone | 
  digest | buf, offset, len
  digest | 
  digest | input
  getAlgorithm | 
  getDigestLength | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  isEqual | digesta, digestb
  reset | 
  toString | 
  update | input
  update | input, offset, len
  update | input
  update | input
java.security.MessageDigestSpi
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
java.security.Permission
 Methods: 5
  checkGuard | object
  getActions | 
  getName | 
  implies | permission
  newPermissionCollection | 
java.security.PermissionCollection
 Methods: 5
  add | permission
  elements | 
  implies | permission
  isReadOnly | 
  setReadOnly | 
java.security.Permissions
 Methods: 3
  add | permission
  elements | 
  implies | permission
java.security.PKCS12Attribute
 Methods: 6
  equals | obj
  getEncoded | 
  getName | 
  getValue | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.security.Policy
 Methods: 12
  getInstance | type, params
  getInstance | type, params, provider
  getInstance | type, params, provider
  getParameters | 
  getPermissions | domain
  getPermissions | codesource
  getPolicy | 
  getProvider | 
  getType | 
  implies | domain, permission
  refresh | 
  setPolicy | p
java.security.PolicySpi
 Methods: 0
java.security.ProtectionDomain
 Methods: 5
  getClassLoader | 
  getCodeSource | 
  getPermissions | 
  getPrincipals | 
  implies | permission
java.security.Provider
 Methods: 29
  clear | 
  compute | key, ? super ,  ? super , remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super , mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super ,  ? super , remappingFunction
  elements | 
  entrySet | 
  forEach | ? super , action
  get | key
  getInfo | 
  getName | 
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  getProperty | key
  getService | type, algorithm
  getServices | 
  getVersion | 
  keySet | 
  keys | 
  load | inStream
  merge | key, value, ? super ,  ? super , remappingFunction
  put | key, value
  putAll | ?, t
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  remove | key
  replace | key, value
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replaceAll | ? super ,  ? super , function
  toString | 
  values | 
java.security.Provider$Service
 Methods: 8
  getAlgorithm | 
  getAttribute | name
  getClassName | 
  getProvider | 
  getType | 
  newInstance | constructorParameter
  supportsParameter | parameter
  toString | 
java.security.SecureClassLoader
 Methods: 0
java.security.SecureRandom
 Methods: 11
  generateSeed | numBytes
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstanceStrong | 
  getProvider | 
  getSeed | numBytes
  nextBytes | bytes
  setSeed | seed
  setSeed | seed
java.security.SecureRandomSpi
 Methods: 0
java.security.Security
 Methods: 11
  addProvider | provider
  getAlgorithmProperty | algName, propName
  getAlgorithms | serviceName
  getProperty | key
  getProvider | name
  getProviders | , filter
  getProviders | 
  getProviders | filter
  insertProviderAt | provider, position
  removeProvider | name
  setProperty | key, datum
java.security.SecurityPermission
 Methods: 0
java.security.Signature
 Methods: 23
  clone | 
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getParameter | param
  getParameters | 
  getProvider | 
  initSign | privateKey, random
  initSign | privateKey
  initVerify | publicKey
  initVerify | certificate
  setParameter | params
  setParameter | param, value
  sign | outbuf, offset, len
  sign | 
  toString | 
  update | data
  update | data, off, len
  update | data
  update | b
  verify | signature, offset, length
  verify | signature
java.security.SignatureSpi
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
java.security.SignedObject
 Methods: 4
  getAlgorithm | 
  getObject | 
  getSignature | 
  verify | verificationKey, verificationEngine
java.security.Signer
 Methods: 3
  getPrivateKey | 
  setKeyPair | pair
  toString | 
java.security.Timestamp
 Methods: 5
  equals | obj
  getSignerCertPath | 
  getTimestamp | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.security.UnresolvedPermission
 Methods: 6
  getActions | 
  getUnresolvedActions | 
  getUnresolvedCerts | 
  getUnresolvedName | 
  getUnresolvedType | 
  implies | p
java.security.CryptoPrimitive
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.KeyRep$Type
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.AccessControlException
 Methods: 1
  getPermission | 
java.security.DigestException
 Methods: 0
java.security.GeneralSecurityException
 Methods: 0
java.security.InvalidAlgorithmParameterException
 Methods: 0
java.security.InvalidKeyException
 Methods: 0
java.security.InvalidParameterException
 Methods: 0
java.security.KeyException
 Methods: 0
java.security.KeyManagementException
 Methods: 0
java.security.KeyStoreException
 Methods: 0
java.security.NoSuchAlgorithmException
 Methods: 0
java.security.NoSuchProviderException
 Methods: 0
java.security.PrivilegedActionException
 Methods: 3
  getCause | 
  getException | 
  toString | 
java.security.ProviderException
 Methods: 0
java.security.SignatureException
 Methods: 0
java.security.UnrecoverableEntryException
 Methods: 0
java.security.UnrecoverableKeyException
 Methods: 0
java.security.acl.Acl
 Methods: 8
  addEntry | caller, entry
  checkPermission | principal, permission
  entries | 
  getName | 
  getPermissions | user
  removeEntry | caller, entry
  setName | caller, name
  toString | 
java.security.acl.AclEntry
 Methods: 10
  addPermission | permission
  checkPermission | permission
  clone | 
  getPrincipal | 
  isNegative | 
  permissions | 
  removePermission | permission
  setNegativePermissions | 
  setPrincipal | user
  toString | 
java.security.acl.Group
 Methods: 4
  addMember | user
  isMember | member
  members | 
  removeMember | user
java.security.acl.Owner
 Methods: 3
  addOwner | caller, owner
  deleteOwner | caller, owner
  isOwner | owner
java.security.acl.Permission
 Methods: 0
java.security.acl.AclNotFoundException
 Methods: 0
java.security.acl.LastOwnerException
 Methods: 0
java.security.acl.NotOwnerException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertPathBuilderResult
 Methods: 2
  clone | 
  getCertPath | 
java.security.cert.CertPathChecker
 Methods: 3
  check | cert
  init | forward
  isForwardCheckingSupported | 
java.security.cert.CertPathParameters
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorException$Reason
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorResult
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
java.security.cert.CertSelector
 Methods: 2
  clone | 
  match | cert
java.security.cert.CertStoreParameters
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
java.security.cert.CRLSelector
 Methods: 2
  clone | 
  match | crl
java.security.cert.Extension
 Methods: 4
  encode | out
  getId | 
  getValue | 
  isCritical | 
java.security.cert.PolicyNode
 Methods: 7
  getChildren | 
  getDepth | 
  getExpectedPolicies | 
  getParent | 
  getPolicyQualifiers | 
  getValidPolicy | 
  isCritical | 
java.security.cert.X509Extension
 Methods: 4
  getCriticalExtensionOIDs | 
  getExtensionValue | oid
  getNonCriticalExtensionOIDs | 
  hasUnsupportedCriticalExtension | 
java.security.cert.Certificate
 Methods: 9
  equals | other
  getEncoded | 
  getPublicKey | 
  getType | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
  verify | key, sigProvider
  verify | key, sigProvider
  verify | key
java.security.cert.Certificate$CertificateRep
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateFactory
 Methods: 13
  generateCRL | inStream
  generateCRLs | inStream
  generateCertPath | certificates
  generateCertPath | inStream
  generateCertPath | inStream, encoding
  generateCertificate | inStream
  generateCertificates | inStream
  getCertPathEncodings | 
  getInstance | type
  getInstance | type, provider
  getInstance | type, provider
  getProvider | 
  getType | 
java.security.cert.CertificateFactorySpi
 Methods: 8
  engineGenerateCRL | inStream
  engineGenerateCRLs | inStream
  engineGenerateCertPath | inStream, encoding
  engineGenerateCertPath | certificates
  engineGenerateCertPath | inStream
  engineGenerateCertificate | inStream
  engineGenerateCertificates | inStream
  engineGetCertPathEncodings | 
java.security.cert.CertPath
 Methods: 8
  equals | other
  getCertificates | 
  getEncoded | encoding
  getEncoded | 
  getEncodings | 
  getType | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.CertPath$CertPathRep
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertPathBuilder
 Methods: 8
  build | params
  getAlgorithm | 
  getDefaultType | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  getRevocationChecker | 
java.security.cert.CertPathBuilderSpi
 Methods: 2
  engineBuild | params
  engineGetRevocationChecker | 
java.security.cert.CertPathValidator
 Methods: 8
  getAlgorithm | 
  getDefaultType | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  getRevocationChecker | 
  validate | certPath, params
java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorSpi
 Methods: 2
  engineGetRevocationChecker | 
  engineValidate | certPath, params
java.security.cert.CertStore
 Methods: 9
  getCRLs | selector
  getCertStoreParameters | 
  getCertificates | selector
  getDefaultType | 
  getInstance | type, params
  getInstance | type, params, provider
  getInstance | type, params, provider
  getProvider | 
  getType | 
java.security.cert.CertStoreSpi
 Methods: 2
  engineGetCRLs | selector
  engineGetCertificates | selector
java.security.cert.CollectionCertStoreParameters
 Methods: 3
  clone | 
  getCollection | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.CRL
 Methods: 3
  getType | 
  isRevoked | cert
  toString | 
java.security.cert.LDAPCertStoreParameters
 Methods: 4
  clone | 
  getPort | 
  getServerName | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.PKIXBuilderParameters
 Methods: 3
  getMaxPathLength | 
  setMaxPathLength | maxPathLength
  toString | 
java.security.cert.PKIXCertPathBuilderResult
 Methods: 2
  getCertPath | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.PKIXCertPathChecker
 Methods: 6
  check | cert
  check | cert, unresolvedCritExts
  clone | 
  getSupportedExtensions | 
  init | forward
  isForwardCheckingSupported | 
java.security.cert.PKIXCertPathValidatorResult
 Methods: 5
  clone | 
  getPolicyTree | 
  getPublicKey | 
  getTrustAnchor | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.PKIXParameters
 Methods: 28
  addCertPathChecker | checker
  addCertStore | store
  clone | 
  getCertPathCheckers | 
  getCertStores | 
  getDate | 
  getInitialPolicies | 
  getPolicyQualifiersRejected | 
  getSigProvider | 
  getTargetCertConstraints | 
  getTrustAnchors | 
  isAnyPolicyInhibited | 
  isExplicitPolicyRequired | 
  isPolicyMappingInhibited | 
  isRevocationEnabled | 
  setAnyPolicyInhibited | val
  setCertPathCheckers | checkers
  setCertStores | stores
  setDate | date
  setExplicitPolicyRequired | val
  setInitialPolicies | initialPolicies
  setPolicyMappingInhibited | val
  setPolicyQualifiersRejected | qualifiersRejected
  setRevocationEnabled | val
  setSigProvider | sigProvider
  setTargetCertConstraints | selector
  setTrustAnchors | trustAnchors
  toString | 
java.security.cert.PKIXRevocationChecker
 Methods: 12
  clone | 
  getOcspExtensions | 
  getOcspResponder | 
  getOcspResponderCert | 
  getOcspResponses | 
  getOptions | 
  getSoftFailExceptions | 
  setOcspExtensions | extensions
  setOcspResponder | uri
  setOcspResponderCert | cert
  setOcspResponses | , responses
  setOptions | options
java.security.cert.PolicyQualifierInfo
 Methods: 4
  getEncoded | 
  getPolicyQualifier | 
  getPolicyQualifierId | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.TrustAnchor
 Methods: 6
  getCA | 
  getCAName | 
  getCAPublicKey | 
  getNameConstraints | 
  getTrustedCert | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.X509Certificate
 Methods: 23
  checkValidity | 
  checkValidity | date
  getBasicConstraints | 
  getExtendedKeyUsage | 
  getIssuerAlternativeNames | 
  getIssuerDN | 
  getIssuerUniqueID | 
  getIssuerX500Principal | 
  getKeyUsage | 
  getNotAfter | 
  getNotBefore | 
  getSerialNumber | 
  getSigAlgName | 
  getSigAlgOID | 
  getSigAlgParams | 
  getSignature | 
  getSubjectAlternativeNames | 
  getSubjectDN | 
  getSubjectUniqueID | 
  getSubjectX500Principal | 
  getTBSCertificate | 
  getVersion | 
  verify | key, sigProvider
java.security.cert.X509CertSelector
 Methods: 52
  addPathToName | type, name
  addPathToName | type, name
  addSubjectAlternativeName | type, name
  addSubjectAlternativeName | type, name
  clone | 
  getAuthorityKeyIdentifier | 
  getBasicConstraints | 
  getCertificate | 
  getCertificateValid | 
  getExtendedKeyUsage | 
  getIssuer | 
  getIssuerAsBytes | 
  getIssuerAsString | 
  getKeyUsage | 
  getMatchAllSubjectAltNames | 
  getNameConstraints | 
  getPathToNames | 
  getPolicy | 
  getPrivateKeyValid | 
  getSerialNumber | 
  getSubject | 
  getSubjectAlternativeNames | 
  getSubjectAsBytes | 
  getSubjectAsString | 
  getSubjectKeyIdentifier | 
  getSubjectPublicKey | 
  getSubjectPublicKeyAlgID | 
  match | cert
  setAuthorityKeyIdentifier | authorityKeyID
  setBasicConstraints | minMaxPathLen
  setCertificate | cert
  setCertificateValid | certValid
  setExtendedKeyUsage | keyPurposeSet
  setIssuer | issuerDN
  setIssuer | issuer
  setIssuer | issuerDN
  setKeyUsage | keyUsage
  setMatchAllSubjectAltNames | matchAllNames
  setNameConstraints | bytes
  setPathToNames | names
  setPolicy | certPolicySet
  setPrivateKeyValid | privateKeyValid
  setSerialNumber | serial
  setSubject | subject
  setSubject | subjectDN
  setSubject | subjectDN
  setSubjectAlternativeNames | names
  setSubjectKeyIdentifier | subjectKeyID
  setSubjectPublicKey | key
  setSubjectPublicKey | key
  setSubjectPublicKeyAlgID | oid
  toString | 
java.security.cert.X509CRL
 Methods: 19
  equals | other
  getEncoded | 
  getIssuerDN | 
  getIssuerX500Principal | 
  getNextUpdate | 
  getRevokedCertificate | certificate
  getRevokedCertificate | serialNumber
  getRevokedCertificates | 
  getSigAlgName | 
  getSigAlgOID | 
  getSigAlgParams | 
  getSignature | 
  getTBSCertList | 
  getThisUpdate | 
  getVersion | 
  hashCode | 
  verify | key, sigProvider
  verify | key
  verify | key, sigProvider
java.security.cert.X509CRLEntry
 Methods: 9
  equals | other
  getCertificateIssuer | 
  getEncoded | 
  getRevocationDate | 
  getRevocationReason | 
  getSerialNumber | 
  hasExtensions | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.security.cert.X509CRLSelector
 Methods: 18
  addIssuer | issuer
  addIssuerName | name
  addIssuerName | name
  clone | 
  getCertificateChecking | 
  getDateAndTime | 
  getIssuerNames | 
  getIssuers | 
  getMaxCRL | 
  getMinCRL | 
  match | crl
  setCertificateChecking | cert
  setDateAndTime | dateAndTime
  setIssuerNames | names
  setIssuers | issuers
  setMaxCRLNumber | maxCRL
  setMinCRLNumber | minCRL
  toString | 
java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorException$BasicReason
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.cert.CRLReason
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.cert.PKIXReason
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.cert.PKIXRevocationChecker$Option
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.security.cert.CertificateEncodingException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateExpiredException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateNotYetValidException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateParsingException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertificateRevokedException
 Methods: 6
  getAuthorityName | 
  getExtensions | 
  getInvalidityDate | 
  getMessage | 
  getRevocationDate | 
  getRevocationReason | 
java.security.cert.CertPathBuilderException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CertPathValidatorException
 Methods: 3
  getCertPath | 
  getIndex | 
  getReason | 
java.security.cert.CertStoreException
 Methods: 0
java.security.cert.CRLException
 Methods: 0
java.security.interfaces.DSAKey
 Methods: 1
  getParams | 
java.security.interfaces.DSAKeyPairGenerator
 Methods: 2
  initialize | params, random
  initialize | modlen, genParams, random
java.security.interfaces.DSAParams
 Methods: 3
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getQ | 
java.security.interfaces.DSAPrivateKey
 Methods: 1
  getX | 
java.security.interfaces.DSAPublicKey
 Methods: 1
  getY | 
java.security.interfaces.ECKey
 Methods: 1
  getParams | 
java.security.interfaces.ECPrivateKey
 Methods: 1
  getS | 
java.security.interfaces.ECPublicKey
 Methods: 1
  getW | 
java.security.interfaces.RSAKey
 Methods: 1
  getModulus | 
java.security.interfaces.RSAMultiPrimePrivateCrtKey
 Methods: 7
  getCrtCoefficient | 
  getOtherPrimeInfo | 
  getPrimeExponentP | 
  getPrimeExponentQ | 
  getPrimeP | 
  getPrimeQ | 
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.interfaces.RSAPrivateCrtKey
 Methods: 6
  getCrtCoefficient | 
  getPrimeExponentP | 
  getPrimeExponentQ | 
  getPrimeP | 
  getPrimeQ | 
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.interfaces.RSAPrivateKey
 Methods: 1
  getPrivateExponent | 
java.security.interfaces.RSAPublicKey
 Methods: 1
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.spec.AlgorithmParameterSpec
 Methods: 0
java.security.spec.ECField
 Methods: 1
  getFieldSize | 
java.security.spec.KeySpec
 Methods: 0
java.security.spec.DSAParameterSpec
 Methods: 3
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getQ | 
java.security.spec.DSAPrivateKeySpec
 Methods: 4
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getQ | 
  getX | 
java.security.spec.DSAPublicKeySpec
 Methods: 4
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getQ | 
  getY | 
java.security.spec.ECFieldF2m
 Methods: 6
  equals | obj
  getFieldSize | 
  getM | 
  getMidTermsOfReductionPolynomial | 
  getReductionPolynomial | 
  hashCode | 
java.security.spec.ECFieldFp
 Methods: 4
  equals | obj
  getFieldSize | 
  getP | 
  hashCode | 
java.security.spec.ECGenParameterSpec
 Methods: 1
  getName | 
java.security.spec.ECParameterSpec
 Methods: 4
  getCofactor | 
  getCurve | 
  getGenerator | 
  getOrder | 
java.security.spec.ECPoint
 Methods: 4
  equals | obj
  getAffineX | 
  getAffineY | 
  hashCode | 
java.security.spec.ECPrivateKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getParams | 
  getS | 
java.security.spec.ECPublicKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getParams | 
  getW | 
java.security.spec.EllipticCurve
 Methods: 6
  equals | obj
  getA | 
  getB | 
  getField | 
  getSeed | 
  hashCode | 
java.security.spec.EncodedKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getEncoded | 
  getFormat | 
java.security.spec.MGF1ParameterSpec
 Methods: 1
  getDigestAlgorithm | 
java.security.spec.PKCS8EncodedKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getEncoded | 
  getFormat | 
java.security.spec.PSSParameterSpec
 Methods: 5
  getDigestAlgorithm | 
  getMGFAlgorithm | 
  getMGFParameters | 
  getSaltLength | 
  getTrailerField | 
java.security.spec.RSAKeyGenParameterSpec
 Methods: 2
  getKeysize | 
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.spec.RSAMultiPrimePrivateCrtKeySpec
 Methods: 7
  getCrtCoefficient | 
  getOtherPrimeInfo | 
  getPrimeExponentP | 
  getPrimeExponentQ | 
  getPrimeP | 
  getPrimeQ | 
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.spec.RSAOtherPrimeInfo
 Methods: 3
  getCrtCoefficient | 
  getExponent | 
  getPrime |
java.security.spec.RSAPrivateKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getModulus | 
  getPrivateExponent | 
java.security.spec.RSAPublicKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getModulus | 
  getPublicExponent | 
java.security.spec.X509EncodedKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getEncoded | 
  getFormat | 
java.security.spec.InvalidKeySpecException
 Methods: 0
java.security.spec.InvalidParameterSpecException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.Array
 Methods: 11
  free | 
  getArray | , map
  getArray | 
  getArray | index, count, , map
  getArray | index, count
  getBaseType | 
  getBaseTypeName | 
  getResultSet | 
  getResultSet | , map
  getResultSet | index, count, , map
  getResultSet | index, count
java.sql.Blob
 Methods: 11
  free | 
  getBinaryStream | pos, length
  getBinaryStream | 
  getBytes | pos, length
  length | 
  position | pattern, start
  position | pattern, start
  setBinaryStream | pos
  setBytes | pos, bytes, offset, len
  setBytes | pos, bytes
  truncate | len
java.sql.CallableStatement
 Methods: 111
  getArray | parameterIndex
  getArray | parameterName
  getBigDecimal | parameterName
  getBigDecimal | parameterIndex, scale
  getBigDecimal | parameterIndex
  getBlob | parameterIndex
  getBlob | parameterName
  getBoolean | parameterName
  getBoolean | parameterIndex
  getByte | parameterName
  getByte | parameterIndex
  getBytes | parameterName
  getBytes | parameterIndex
  getCharacterStream | parameterIndex
  getCharacterStream | parameterName
  getClob | parameterIndex
  getClob | parameterName
  getDate | parameterIndex
  getDate | parameterName
  getDate | parameterName, cal
  getDate | parameterIndex, cal
  getDouble | parameterIndex
  getDouble | parameterName
  getFloat | parameterName
  getFloat | parameterIndex
  getInt | parameterIndex
  getInt | parameterName
  getLong | parameterName
  getLong | parameterIndex
  getNCharacterStream | parameterIndex
  getNCharacterStream | parameterName
  getNClob | parameterName
  getNClob | parameterIndex
  getNString | parameterName
  getNString | parameterIndex
  getObject | parameterIndex
  getObject | parameterName
  getObject | parameterIndex, , map
  getObject | parameterName, , map
  getRef | parameterIndex
  getRef | parameterName
  getRowId | parameterIndex
  getRowId | parameterName
  getSQLXML | parameterName
  getSQLXML | parameterIndex
  getShort | parameterName
  getShort | parameterIndex
  getString | parameterIndex
  getString | parameterName
  getTime | parameterName
  getTime | parameterName, cal
  getTime | parameterIndex
  getTime | parameterIndex, cal
  getTimestamp | parameterIndex, cal
  getTimestamp | parameterIndex
  getTimestamp | parameterName, cal
  getTimestamp | parameterName
  getURL | parameterIndex
  getURL | parameterName
  registerOutParameter | parameterIndex, sqlType
  registerOutParameter | parameterName, sqlType, typeName
  registerOutParameter | parameterIndex, sqlType, typeName
  registerOutParameter | parameterIndex, sqlType, scale
  registerOutParameter | parameterName, sqlType, scale
  registerOutParameter | parameterName, sqlType
  setAsciiStream | parameterName, x, length
  setAsciiStream | parameterName, x, length
  setAsciiStream | parameterName, x
  setBigDecimal | parameterName, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterName, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterName, x, length
  setBinaryStream | parameterName, x, length
  setBlob | parameterName, x
  setBlob | parameterName, inputStream, length
  setBlob | parameterName, inputStream
  setBoolean | parameterName, x
  setByte | parameterName, x
  setBytes | parameterName, x
  setCharacterStream | parameterName, reader, length
  setCharacterStream | parameterName, reader, length
  setCharacterStream | parameterName, reader
  setClob | parameterName, x
  setClob | parameterName, reader, length
  setClob | parameterName, reader
  setDate | parameterName, x, cal
  setDate | parameterName, x
  setDouble | parameterName, x
  setFloat | parameterName, x
  setInt | parameterName, x
  setLong | parameterName, x
  setNCharacterStream | parameterName, value, length
  setNCharacterStream | parameterName, value
  setNClob | parameterName, reader, length
  setNClob | parameterName, value
  setNClob | parameterName, reader
  setNString | parameterName, value
  setNull | parameterName, sqlType
  setNull | parameterName, sqlType, typeName
  setObject | parameterName, x, targetSqlType, scale
  setObject | parameterName, x, targetSqlType
  setObject | parameterName, x
  setRowId | parameterName, x
  setSQLXML | parameterName, xmlObject
  setShort | parameterName, x
  setString | parameterName, x
  setTime | parameterName, x, cal
  setTime | parameterName, x
  setTimestamp | parameterName, x, cal
  setTimestamp | parameterName, x
  setURL | parameterName, val
  wasNull | 
java.sql.Clob
 Methods: 13
  free | 
  getAsciiStream | 
  getCharacterStream | 
  getCharacterStream | pos, length
  getSubString | pos, length
  length | 
  position | searchstr, start
  position | searchstr, start
  setAsciiStream | pos
  setCharacterStream | pos
  setString | pos, str, offset, len
  setString | pos, str
  truncate | len
java.sql.Connection
 Methods: 47
  clearWarnings | 
  close | 
  commit | 
  createArrayOf | typeName, elements
  createBlob | 
  createClob | 
  createNClob | 
  createSQLXML | 
  createStatement | resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency
  createStatement | 
  createStatement | resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency, resultSetHoldability
  createStruct | typeName, attributes
  getAutoCommit | 
  getCatalog | 
  getClientInfo | name
  getClientInfo | 
  getHoldability | 
  getMetaData | 
  getTransactionIsolation | 
  getTypeMap | 
  getWarnings | 
  isClosed | 
  isReadOnly | 
  isValid | timeout
  nativeSQL | sql
  prepareCall | sql, resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency
  prepareCall | sql
  prepareCall | sql, resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency, resultSetHoldability
  prepareStatement | sql, columnNames
  prepareStatement | sql, resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency, resultSetHoldability
  prepareStatement | sql, columnIndexes
  prepareStatement | sql
  prepareStatement | sql, autoGeneratedKeys
  prepareStatement | sql, resultSetType, resultSetConcurrency
  releaseSavepoint | savepoint
  rollback | 
  rollback | savepoint
  setAutoCommit | autoCommit
  setCatalog | catalog
  setClientInfo | properties
  setClientInfo | name, value
  setHoldability | holdability
  setReadOnly | readOnly
  setSavepoint | name
  setSavepoint | 
  setTransactionIsolation | level
  setTypeMap | , map
java.sql.DatabaseMetaData
 Methods: 172
  allProceduresAreCallable | 
  allTablesAreSelectable | 
  autoCommitFailureClosesAllResultSets | 
  dataDefinitionCausesTransactionCommit | 
  dataDefinitionIgnoredInTransactions | 
  deletesAreDetected | type
  doesMaxRowSizeIncludeBlobs | 
  getAttributes | catalog, schemaPattern, typeNamePattern, attributeNamePattern
  getBestRowIdentifier | catalog, schema, table, scope, nullable
  getCatalogSeparator | 
  getCatalogTerm | 
  getCatalogs | 
  getClientInfoProperties | 
  getColumnPrivileges | catalog, schema, table, columnNamePattern
  getColumns | catalog, schemaPattern, tableNamePattern, columnNamePattern
  getConnection | 
  getCrossReference | parentCatalog, parentSchema, parentTable, foreignCatalog, foreignSchema, foreignTable
  getDatabaseMajorVersion | 
  getDatabaseMinorVersion | 
  getDatabaseProductName | 
  getDatabaseProductVersion | 
  getDefaultTransactionIsolation | 
  getDriverMajorVersion | 
  getDriverMinorVersion | 
  getDriverName | 
  getDriverVersion | 
  getExportedKeys | catalog, schema, table
  getExtraNameCharacters | 
  getFunctionColumns | catalog, schemaPattern, functionNamePattern, columnNamePattern
  getFunctions | catalog, schemaPattern, functionNamePattern
  getIdentifierQuoteString | 
  getImportedKeys | catalog, schema, table
  getIndexInfo | catalog, schema, table, unique, approximate
  getJDBCMajorVersion | 
  getJDBCMinorVersion | 
  getMaxBinaryLiteralLength | 
  getMaxCatalogNameLength | 
  getMaxCharLiteralLength | 
  getMaxColumnNameLength | 
  getMaxColumnsInGroupBy | 
  getMaxColumnsInIndex | 
  getMaxColumnsInOrderBy | 
  getMaxColumnsInSelect | 
  getMaxColumnsInTable | 
  getMaxConnections | 
  getMaxCursorNameLength | 
  getMaxIndexLength | 
  getMaxProcedureNameLength | 
  getMaxRowSize | 
  getMaxSchemaNameLength | 
  getMaxStatementLength | 
  getMaxStatements | 
  getMaxTableNameLength | 
  getMaxTablesInSelect | 
  getMaxUserNameLength | 
  getNumericFunctions | 
  getPrimaryKeys | catalog, schema, table
  getProcedureColumns | catalog, schemaPattern, procedureNamePattern, columnNamePattern
  getProcedureTerm | 
  getProcedures | catalog, schemaPattern, procedureNamePattern
  getResultSetHoldability | 
  getRowIdLifetime | 
  getSQLKeywords | 
  getSQLStateType | 
  getSchemaTerm | 
  getSchemas | catalog, schemaPattern
  getSchemas | 
  getSearchStringEscape | 
  getStringFunctions | 
  getSuperTables | catalog, schemaPattern, tableNamePattern
  getSuperTypes | catalog, schemaPattern, typeNamePattern
  getSystemFunctions | 
  getTablePrivileges | catalog, schemaPattern, tableNamePattern
  getTableTypes | 
  getTables | catalog, schemaPattern, tableNamePattern, types
  getTimeDateFunctions | 
  getTypeInfo | 
  getUDTs | catalog, schemaPattern, typeNamePattern, types
  getURL | 
  getUserName | 
  getVersionColumns | catalog, schema, table
  insertsAreDetected | type
  isCatalogAtStart | 
  isReadOnly | 
  locatorsUpdateCopy | 
  nullPlusNonNullIsNull | 
  nullsAreSortedAtEnd | 
  nullsAreSortedAtStart | 
  nullsAreSortedHigh | 
  nullsAreSortedLow | 
  othersDeletesAreVisible | type
  othersInsertsAreVisible | type
  othersUpdatesAreVisible | type
  ownDeletesAreVisible | type
  ownInsertsAreVisible | type
  ownUpdatesAreVisible | type
  storesLowerCaseIdentifiers | 
  storesLowerCaseQuotedIdentifiers | 
  storesMixedCaseIdentifiers | 
  storesMixedCaseQuotedIdentifiers | 
  storesUpperCaseIdentifiers | 
  storesUpperCaseQuotedIdentifiers | 
  supportsANSI92EntryLevelSQL | 
  supportsANSI92FullSQL | 
  supportsANSI92IntermediateSQL | 
  supportsAlterTableWithAddColumn | 
  supportsAlterTableWithDropColumn | 
  supportsBatchUpdates | 
  supportsCatalogsInDataManipulation | 
  supportsCatalogsInIndexDefinitions | 
  supportsCatalogsInPrivilegeDefinitions | 
  supportsCatalogsInProcedureCalls | 
  supportsCatalogsInTableDefinitions | 
  supportsColumnAliasing | 
  supportsConvert | fromType, toType
  supportsConvert | 
  supportsCoreSQLGrammar | 
  supportsCorrelatedSubqueries | 
  supportsDataDefinitionAndDataManipulationTransactions | 
  supportsDataManipulationTransactionsOnly | 
  supportsDifferentTableCorrelationNames | 
  supportsExpressionsInOrderBy | 
  supportsExtendedSQLGrammar | 
  supportsFullOuterJoins | 
  supportsGetGeneratedKeys | 
  supportsGroupBy | 
  supportsGroupByBeyondSelect | 
  supportsGroupByUnrelated | 
  supportsIntegrityEnhancementFacility | 
  supportsLikeEscapeClause | 
  supportsLimitedOuterJoins | 
  supportsMinimumSQLGrammar | 
  supportsMixedCaseIdentifiers | 
  supportsMixedCaseQuotedIdentifiers | 
  supportsMultipleOpenResults | 
  supportsMultipleResultSets | 
  supportsMultipleTransactions | 
  supportsNamedParameters | 
  supportsNonNullableColumns | 
  supportsOpenCursorsAcrossCommit | 
  supportsOpenCursorsAcrossRollback | 
  supportsOpenStatementsAcrossCommit | 
  supportsOpenStatementsAcrossRollback | 
  supportsOrderByUnrelated | 
  supportsOuterJoins | 
  supportsPositionedDelete | 
  supportsPositionedUpdate | 
  supportsResultSetConcurrency | type, concurrency
  supportsResultSetHoldability | holdability
  supportsResultSetType | type
  supportsSavepoints | 
  supportsSchemasInDataManipulation | 
  supportsSchemasInIndexDefinitions | 
  supportsSchemasInPrivilegeDefinitions | 
  supportsSchemasInProcedureCalls | 
  supportsSchemasInTableDefinitions | 
  supportsSelectForUpdate | 
  supportsStatementPooling | 
  supportsStoredFunctionsUsingCallSyntax | 
  supportsStoredProcedures | 
  supportsSubqueriesInComparisons | 
  supportsSubqueriesInExists | 
  supportsSubqueriesInIns | 
  supportsSubqueriesInQuantifieds | 
  supportsTableCorrelationNames | 
  supportsTransactionIsolationLevel | level
  supportsTransactions | 
  supportsUnion | 
  supportsUnionAll | 
  updatesAreDetected | type
  usesLocalFilePerTable | 
  usesLocalFiles | 
java.sql.Driver
 Methods: 6
  acceptsURL | url
  connect | url, info
  getMajorVersion | 
  getMinorVersion | 
  getPropertyInfo | url, info
  jdbcCompliant | 
java.sql.NClob
 Methods: 0
java.sql.ParameterMetaData
 Methods: 9
  getParameterClassName | param
  getParameterCount | 
  getParameterMode | param
  getParameterType | param
  getParameterTypeName | param
  getPrecision | param
  getScale | param
  isNullable | param
  isSigned | param
java.sql.PreparedStatement
 Methods: 55
  addBatch | 
  clearParameters | 
  execute | 
  executeQuery | 
  executeUpdate | 
  getMetaData | 
  getParameterMetaData | 
  setArray | parameterIndex, x
  setAsciiStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setAsciiStream | parameterIndex, x
  setAsciiStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setBigDecimal | parameterIndex, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setBinaryStream | parameterIndex, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setBlob | parameterIndex, inputStream, length
  setBlob | parameterIndex, inputStream
  setBlob | parameterIndex, x
  setBoolean | parameterIndex, x
  setByte | parameterIndex, x
  setBytes | parameterIndex, x
  setCharacterStream | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setCharacterStream | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setCharacterStream | parameterIndex, reader
  setClob | parameterIndex, x
  setClob | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setClob | parameterIndex, reader
  setDate | parameterIndex, x
  setDate | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setDouble | parameterIndex, x
  setFloat | parameterIndex, x
  setInt | parameterIndex, x
  setLong | parameterIndex, x
  setNCharacterStream | parameterIndex, value, length
  setNCharacterStream | parameterIndex, value
  setNClob | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setNClob | parameterIndex, value
  setNClob | parameterIndex, reader
  setNString | parameterIndex, value
  setNull | parameterIndex, sqlType, typeName
  setNull | parameterIndex, sqlType
  setObject | parameterIndex, x, targetSqlType
  setObject | parameterIndex, x, targetSqlType, scaleOrLength
  setObject | parameterIndex, x
  setRef | parameterIndex, x
  setRowId | parameterIndex, x
  setSQLXML | parameterIndex, xmlObject
  setShort | parameterIndex, x
  setString | parameterIndex, x
  setTime | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setTime | parameterIndex, x
  setTimestamp | parameterIndex, x
  setTimestamp | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setURL | parameterIndex, x
  setUnicodeStream | parameterIndex, x, length
java.sql.Ref
 Methods: 4
  getBaseTypeName | 
  getObject | 
  getObject | , map
  setObject | value
java.sql.ResultSet
 Methods: 187
  absolute | row
  afterLast | 
  beforeFirst | 
  cancelRowUpdates | 
  clearWarnings | 
  close | 
  deleteRow | 
  findColumn | columnLabel
  first | 
  getArray | columnIndex
  getArray | columnLabel
  getAsciiStream | columnIndex
  getAsciiStream | columnLabel
  getBigDecimal | columnLabel
  getBigDecimal | columnLabel, scale
  getBigDecimal | columnIndex, scale
  getBigDecimal | columnIndex
  getBinaryStream | columnLabel
  getBinaryStream | columnIndex
  getBlob | columnIndex
  getBlob | columnLabel
  getBoolean | columnLabel
  getBoolean | columnIndex
  getByte | columnLabel
  getByte | columnIndex
  getBytes | columnLabel
  getBytes | columnIndex
  getCharacterStream | columnIndex
  getCharacterStream | columnLabel
  getClob | columnIndex
  getClob | columnLabel
  getConcurrency | 
  getCursorName | 
  getDate | columnIndex
  getDate | columnLabel
  getDate | columnLabel, cal
  getDate | columnIndex, cal
  getDouble | columnIndex
  getDouble | columnLabel
  getFetchDirection | 
  getFetchSize | 
  getFloat | columnLabel
  getFloat | columnIndex
  getHoldability | 
  getInt | columnIndex
  getInt | columnLabel
  getLong | columnLabel
  getLong | columnIndex
  getMetaData | 
  getNCharacterStream | columnIndex
  getNCharacterStream | columnLabel
  getNClob | columnLabel
  getNClob | columnIndex
  getNString | columnLabel
  getNString | columnIndex
  getObject | columnIndex
  getObject | columnLabel
  getObject | columnIndex, , map
  getObject | columnLabel, , map
  getRef | columnIndex
  getRef | columnLabel
  getRow | 
  getRowId | columnIndex
  getRowId | columnLabel
  getSQLXML | columnLabel
  getSQLXML | columnIndex
  getShort | columnLabel
  getShort | columnIndex
  getStatement | 
  getString | columnIndex
  getString | columnLabel
  getTime | columnLabel
  getTime | columnLabel, cal
  getTime | columnIndex
  getTime | columnIndex, cal
  getTimestamp | columnIndex, cal
  getTimestamp | columnIndex
  getTimestamp | columnLabel, cal
  getTimestamp | columnLabel
  getType | 
  getURL | columnIndex
  getURL | columnLabel
  getUnicodeStream | columnIndex
  getUnicodeStream | columnLabel
  getWarnings | 
  insertRow | 
  isAfterLast | 
  isBeforeFirst | 
  isClosed | 
  isFirst | 
  isLast | 
  last | 
  moveToCurrentRow | 
  moveToInsertRow | 
  next | 
  previous | 
  refreshRow | 
  relative | rows
  rowDeleted | 
  rowInserted | 
  rowUpdated | 
  setFetchDirection | direction
  setFetchSize | rows
  updateArray | columnLabel, x
  updateArray | columnIndex, x
  updateAsciiStream | columnIndex, x
  updateAsciiStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateAsciiStream | columnLabel, x, length
  updateAsciiStream | columnLabel, x
  updateAsciiStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateAsciiStream | columnLabel, x, length
  updateBigDecimal | columnIndex, x
  updateBigDecimal | columnLabel, x
  updateBinaryStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateBinaryStream | columnIndex, x
  updateBinaryStream | columnLabel, x, length
  updateBinaryStream | columnLabel, x
  updateBinaryStream | columnLabel, x, length
  updateBinaryStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateBlob | columnLabel, x
  updateBlob | columnLabel, inputStream
  updateBlob | columnIndex, x
  updateBlob | columnLabel, inputStream, length
  updateBlob | columnIndex, inputStream
  updateBlob | columnIndex, inputStream, length
  updateBoolean | columnLabel, x
  updateBoolean | columnIndex, x
  updateByte | columnIndex, x
  updateByte | columnLabel, x
  updateBytes | columnIndex, x
  updateBytes | columnLabel, x
  updateCharacterStream | columnLabel, reader, length
  updateCharacterStream | columnLabel, reader, length
  updateCharacterStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateCharacterStream | columnIndex, x
  updateCharacterStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateCharacterStream | columnLabel, reader
  updateClob | columnIndex, x
  updateClob | columnLabel, reader
  updateClob | columnLabel, reader, length
  updateClob | columnIndex, reader
  updateClob | columnIndex, reader, length
  updateClob | columnLabel, x
  updateDate | columnIndex, x
  updateDate | columnLabel, x
  updateDouble | columnLabel, x
  updateDouble | columnIndex, x
  updateFloat | columnIndex, x
  updateFloat | columnLabel, x
  updateInt | columnLabel, x
  updateInt | columnIndex, x
  updateLong | columnIndex, x
  updateLong | columnLabel, x
  updateNCharacterStream | columnIndex, x, length
  updateNCharacterStream | columnLabel, reader
  updateNCharacterStream | columnIndex, x
  updateNCharacterStream | columnLabel, reader, length
  updateNClob | columnIndex, reader, length
  updateNClob | columnIndex, nClob
  updateNClob | columnLabel, nClob
  updateNClob | columnLabel, reader
  updateNClob | columnLabel, reader, length
  updateNClob | columnIndex, reader
  updateNString | columnLabel, nString
  updateNString | columnIndex, nString
  updateNull | columnIndex
  updateNull | columnLabel
  updateObject | columnIndex, x
  updateObject | columnIndex, x, scaleOrLength
  updateObject | columnLabel, x, scaleOrLength
  updateObject | columnLabel, x
  updateRef | columnIndex, x
  updateRef | columnLabel, x
  updateRow | 
  updateRowId | columnIndex, x
  updateRowId | columnLabel, x
  updateSQLXML | columnIndex, xmlObject
  updateSQLXML | columnLabel, xmlObject
  updateShort | columnLabel, x
  updateShort | columnIndex, x
  updateString | columnLabel, x
  updateString | columnIndex, x
  updateTime | columnIndex, x
  updateTime | columnLabel, x
  updateTimestamp | columnLabel, x
  updateTimestamp | columnIndex, x
  wasNull | 
java.sql.ResultSetMetaData
 Methods: 21
  getCatalogName | column
  getColumnClassName | column
  getColumnCount | 
  getColumnDisplaySize | column
  getColumnLabel | column
  getColumnName | column
  getColumnType | column
  getColumnTypeName | column
  getPrecision | column
  getScale | column
  getSchemaName | column
  getTableName | column
  isAutoIncrement | column
  isCaseSensitive | column
  isCurrency | column
  isDefinitelyWritable | column
  isNullable | column
  isReadOnly | column
  isSearchable | column
  isSigned | column
  isWritable | column
java.sql.RowId
 Methods: 4
  equals | obj
  getBytes | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.sql.Savepoint
 Methods: 2
  getSavepointId | 
  getSavepointName | 
java.sql.SQLData
 Methods: 3
  getSQLTypeName | 
  readSQL | stream, typeName
  writeSQL | stream
java.sql.SQLInput
 Methods: 27
  readArray | 
  readAsciiStream | 
  readBigDecimal | 
  readBinaryStream | 
  readBlob | 
  readBoolean | 
  readByte | 
  readBytes | 
  readCharacterStream | 
  readClob | 
  readDate | 
  readDouble | 
  readFloat | 
  readInt | 
  readLong | 
  readNClob | 
  readNString | 
  readObject | 
  readRef | 
  readRowId | 
  readSQLXML | 
  readShort | 
  readString | 
  readTime | 
  readTimestamp | 
  readURL | 
  wasNull | 
java.sql.SQLOutput
 Methods: 27
  writeArray | x
  writeAsciiStream | x
  writeBigDecimal | x
  writeBinaryStream | x
  writeBlob | x
  writeBoolean | x
  writeByte | x
  writeBytes | x
  writeCharacterStream | x
  writeClob | x
  writeDate | x
  writeDouble | x
  writeFloat | x
  writeInt | x
  writeLong | x
  writeNClob | x
  writeNString | x
  writeObject | x
  writeRef | x
  writeRowId | x
  writeSQLXML | x
  writeShort | x
  writeString | x
  writeStruct | x
  writeTime | x
  writeTimestamp | x
  writeURL | x
java.sql.SQLXML
 Methods: 9
  free | 
  getBinaryStream | 
  getCharacterStream | 
  getSource | sourceClass
  getString | 
  setBinaryStream | 
  setCharacterStream | 
  setResult | resultClass
  setString | value
java.sql.Statement
 Methods: 40
  addBatch | sql
  cancel | 
  clearBatch | 
  clearWarnings | 
  close | 
  execute | sql, autoGeneratedKeys
  execute | sql
  execute | sql, columnIndexes
  execute | sql, columnNames
  executeBatch | 
  executeQuery | sql
  executeUpdate | sql
  executeUpdate | sql, columnNames
  executeUpdate | sql, columnIndexes
  executeUpdate | sql, autoGeneratedKeys
  getConnection | 
  getFetchDirection | 
  getFetchSize | 
  getGeneratedKeys | 
  getMaxFieldSize | 
  getMaxRows | 
  getMoreResults | current
  getMoreResults | 
  getQueryTimeout | 
  getResultSet | 
  getResultSetConcurrency | 
  getResultSetHoldability | 
  getResultSetType | 
  getUpdateCount | 
  getWarnings | 
  isClosed | 
  isPoolable | 
  setCursorName | name
  setEscapeProcessing | enable
  setFetchDirection | direction
  setFetchSize | rows
  setMaxFieldSize | max
  setMaxRows | max
  setPoolable | poolable
  setQueryTimeout | seconds
java.sql.Struct
 Methods: 3
  getAttributes | 
  getAttributes | , map
  getSQLTypeName | 
java.sql.Wrapper
 Methods: 2
  isWrapperFor | iface
  unwrap | iface
java.sql.Date
 Methods: 9
  getHours | 
  getMinutes | 
  getSeconds | 
  setHours | i
  setMinutes | i
  setSeconds | i
  setTime | date
  toString | 
  valueOf | s
java.sql.DriverManager
 Methods: 14
  deregisterDriver | driver
  getConnection | url
  getConnection | url, user, password
  getConnection | url, info
  getDriver | url
  getDrivers | 
  getLogStream | 
  getLogWriter | 
  getLoginTimeout | 
  println | message
  registerDriver | driver
  setLogStream | out
  setLogWriter | out
  setLoginTimeout | seconds
java.sql.DriverPropertyInfo
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLPermission
 Methods: 0
java.sql.Time
 Methods: 10
  getDate | 
  getDay | 
  getMonth | 
  getYear | 
  setDate | i
  setMonth | i
  setTime | time
  setYear | i
  toString | 
  valueOf | s
java.sql.Timestamp
 Methods: 13
  after | ts
  before | ts
  compareTo | o
  compareTo | ts
  equals | ts
  equals | ts
  getNanos | 
  getTime | 
  hashCode | 
  setNanos | n
  setTime | time
  toString | 
  valueOf | s
java.sql.Types
 Methods: 0
java.sql.ClientInfoStatus
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.sql.RowIdLifetime
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.sql.BatchUpdateException
 Methods: 1
  getUpdateCounts | 
java.sql.DataTruncation
 Methods: 5
  getDataSize | 
  getIndex | 
  getParameter | 
  getRead | 
  getTransferSize | 
java.sql.SQLClientInfoException
 Methods: 1
  getFailedProperties | 
java.sql.SQLDataException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLException
 Methods: 5
  getErrorCode | 
  getNextException | 
  getSQLState | 
  iterator | 
  setNextException | ex
java.sql.SQLFeatureNotSupportedException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLIntegrityConstraintViolationException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLInvalidAuthorizationSpecException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLNonTransientConnectionException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLNonTransientException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLRecoverableException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLSyntaxErrorException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLTimeoutException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLTransactionRollbackException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLTransientConnectionException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLTransientException
 Methods: 0
java.sql.SQLWarning
 Methods: 2
  getNextWarning | 
  setNextWarning | w
java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator
 Methods: 9
  getAllAttributeKeys | 
  getAttribute | attribute
  getAttributes | 
  getRunLimit | 
  getRunLimit | attribute
  getRunLimit | attributes
  getRunStart | attribute
  getRunStart | attributes
  getRunStart | 
java.text.CharacterIterator
 Methods: 10
  clone | 
  current | 
  first | 
  getBeginIndex | 
  getEndIndex | 
  getIndex | 
  last | 
  next | 
  previous | 
  setIndex | position
java.text.Annotation
 Methods: 2
  getValue | 
  toString | 
java.text.AttributedCharacterIterator$Attribute
 Methods: 3
  equals | obj
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.text.AttributedString
 Methods: 6
  addAttribute | attribute, value
  addAttribute | attribute, value, beginIndex, endIndex
  addAttributes | ? extends , attributes, beginIndex, endIndex
  getIterator | 
  getIterator | attributes
  getIterator | attributes, beginIndex, endIndex
java.text.Bidi
 Methods: 15
  baseIsLeftToRight | 
  createLineBidi | lineStart, lineLimit
  getBaseLevel | 
  getLength | 
  getLevelAt | offset
  getRunCount | 
  getRunLevel | run
  getRunLimit | run
  getRunStart | run
  isLeftToRight | 
  isMixed | 
  isRightToLeft | 
  reorderVisually | levels, levelStart, objects, objectStart, count
  requiresBidi | text, start, limit
  toString | 
java.text.BreakIterator
 Methods: 22
  clone | 
  current | 
  first | 
  following | offset
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCharacterInstance | locale
  getCharacterInstance | 
  getLineInstance | locale
  getLineInstance | 
  getSentenceInstance | locale
  getSentenceInstance | 
  getText | 
  getWordInstance | 
  getWordInstance | locale
  isBoundary | offset
  last | 
  next | 
  next | n
  preceding | offset
  previous | 
  setText | newText
  setText | newText
java.text.ChoiceFormat
 Methods: 14
  applyPattern | newPattern
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | number, toAppendTo, status
  format | number, toAppendTo, status
  getFormats | 
  getLimits | 
  hashCode | 
  nextDouble | d
  nextDouble | d, positive
  parse | text, status
  previousDouble | d
  setChoices | limits, formats
  toPattern | 
java.text.CollationElementIterator
 Methods: 11
  getMaxExpansion | order
  getOffset | 
  next | 
  previous | 
  primaryOrder | order
  reset | 
  secondaryOrder | order
  setOffset | newOffset
  setText | source
  setText | source
  tertiaryOrder | order
java.text.CollationKey
 Methods: 3
  compareTo | target
  getSourceString | 
  toByteArray | 
java.text.Collator
 Methods: 14
  clone | 
  compare | o1, o2
  compare | source, target
  equals | source, target
  equals | that
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCollationKey | source
  getDecomposition | 
  getInstance | 
  getInstance | desiredLocale
  getStrength | 
  hashCode | 
  setDecomposition | decompositionMode
  setStrength | newStrength
java.text.DateFormat
 Methods: 28
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | obj, toAppendTo, fieldPosition
  format | date, toAppendTo, fieldPosition
  format | date
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCalendar | 
  getDateInstance | style, aLocale
  getDateInstance | style
  getDateInstance | 
  getDateTimeInstance | dateStyle, timeStyle
  getDateTimeInstance | dateStyle, timeStyle, aLocale
  getDateTimeInstance | 
  getInstance | 
  getNumberFormat | 
  getTimeInstance | style
  getTimeInstance | style, aLocale
  getTimeInstance | 
  getTimeZone | 
  hashCode | 
  isLenient | 
  parse | source
  parse | source, pos
  parseObject | source, pos
  setCalendar | newCalendar
  setLenient | lenient
  setNumberFormat | newNumberFormat
  setTimeZone | zone
java.text.DateFormat$Field
 Methods: 2
  getCalendarField | 
  ofCalendarField | calendarField
java.text.DateFormatSymbols
 Methods: 22
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  getAmPmStrings | 
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getEras | 
  getInstance | 
  getInstance | locale
  getLocalPatternChars | 
  getMonths | 
  getShortMonths | 
  getShortWeekdays | 
  getWeekdays | 
  getZoneStrings | 
  hashCode | 
  setAmPmStrings | newAmpms
  setEras | newEras
  setLocalPatternChars | newLocalPatternChars
  setMonths | newMonths
  setShortMonths | newShortMonths
  setShortWeekdays | newShortWeekdays
  setWeekdays | newWeekdays
  setZoneStrings | newZoneStrings
java.text.DecimalFormat
 Methods: 46
  applyLocalizedPattern | pattern
  applyPattern | pattern
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | number, toAppendTo, pos
  format | number, result, fieldPosition
  format | number, result, fieldPosition
  formatToCharacterIterator | obj
  getCurrency | 
  getDecimalFormatSymbols | 
  getGroupingSize | 
  getMaximumFractionDigits | 
  getMaximumIntegerDigits | 
  getMinimumFractionDigits | 
  getMinimumIntegerDigits | 
  getMultiplier | 
  getNegativePrefix | 
  getNegativeSuffix | 
  getPositivePrefix | 
  getPositiveSuffix | 
  getRoundingMode | 
  hashCode | 
  isDecimalSeparatorAlwaysShown | 
  isGroupingUsed | 
  isParseBigDecimal | 
  isParseIntegerOnly | 
  parse | text, pos
  setCurrency | currency
  setDecimalFormatSymbols | newSymbols
  setDecimalSeparatorAlwaysShown | newValue
  setGroupingSize | newValue
  setGroupingUsed | newValue
  setMaximumFractionDigits | newValue
  setMaximumIntegerDigits | newValue
  setMinimumFractionDigits | newValue
  setMinimumIntegerDigits | newValue
  setMultiplier | newValue
  setNegativePrefix | newValue
  setNegativeSuffix | newValue
  setParseBigDecimal | newValue
  setParseIntegerOnly | value
  setPositivePrefix | newValue
  setPositiveSuffix | newValue
  setRoundingMode | roundingMode
  toLocalizedPattern | 
  toPattern | 
java.text.DecimalFormatSymbols
 Methods: 36
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCurrency | 
  getCurrencySymbol | 
  getDecimalSeparator | 
  getDigit | 
  getExponentSeparator | 
  getGroupingSeparator | 
  getInfinity | 
  getInstance | 
  getInstance | locale
  getInternationalCurrencySymbol | 
  getMinusSign | 
  getMonetaryDecimalSeparator | 
  getNaN | 
  getPatternSeparator | 
  getPerMill | 
  getPercent | 
  getZeroDigit | 
  hashCode | 
  setCurrency | currency
  setCurrencySymbol | currency
  setDecimalSeparator | decimalSeparator
  setDigit | digit
  setExponentSeparator | exp
  setGroupingSeparator | groupingSeparator
  setInfinity | infinity
  setInternationalCurrencySymbol | currencyCode
  setMinusSign | minusSign
  setMonetaryDecimalSeparator | sep
  setNaN | NaN
  setPatternSeparator | patternSeparator
  setPerMill | perMill
  setPercent | percent
  setZeroDigit | zeroDigit
java.text.FieldPosition
 Methods: 9
  equals | obj
  getBeginIndex | 
  getEndIndex | 
  getField | 
  getFieldAttribute | 
  hashCode | 
  setBeginIndex | bi
  setEndIndex | ei
  toString | 
java.text.Format
 Methods: 6
  clone | 
  format | obj
  format | obj, toAppendTo, pos
  formatToCharacterIterator | obj
  parseObject | source
  parseObject | source, pos
java.text.Format$Field
 Methods: 0
java.text.MessageFormat
 Methods: 20
  applyPattern | pattern
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | arguments, result, pos
  format | arguments, result, pos
  format | pattern, arguments
  formatToCharacterIterator | arguments
  getFormats | 
  getFormatsByArgumentIndex | 
  getLocale | 
  hashCode | 
  parse | source
  parse | source, pos
  parseObject | source, pos
  setFormat | formatElementIndex, newFormat
  setFormatByArgumentIndex | argumentIndex, newFormat
  setFormats | newFormats
  setFormatsByArgumentIndex | newFormats
  setLocale | locale
  toPattern | 
java.text.MessageFormat$Field
 Methods: 0
java.text.Normalizer
 Methods: 2
  isNormalized | src, form
  normalize | src, form
java.text.NumberFormat
 Methods: 38
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | number, toAppendTo, pos
  format | number
  format | number, toAppendTo, pos
  format | number
  format | number, toAppendTo, pos
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCurrency | 
  getCurrencyInstance | inLocale
  getCurrencyInstance | 
  getInstance | 
  getInstance | inLocale
  getIntegerInstance | 
  getIntegerInstance | inLocale
  getMaximumFractionDigits | 
  getMaximumIntegerDigits | 
  getMinimumFractionDigits | 
  getMinimumIntegerDigits | 
  getNumberInstance | 
  getNumberInstance | inLocale
  getPercentInstance | inLocale
  getPercentInstance | 
  getRoundingMode | 
  hashCode | 
  isGroupingUsed | 
  isParseIntegerOnly | 
  parse | source
  parse | source, parsePosition
  parseObject | source, pos
  setCurrency | currency
  setGroupingUsed | newValue
  setMaximumFractionDigits | newValue
  setMaximumIntegerDigits | newValue
  setMinimumFractionDigits | newValue
  setMinimumIntegerDigits | newValue
  setParseIntegerOnly | value
  setRoundingMode | roundingMode
java.text.NumberFormat$Field
 Methods: 0
java.text.ParsePosition
 Methods: 7
  equals | obj
  getErrorIndex | 
  getIndex | 
  hashCode | 
  setErrorIndex | ei
  setIndex | index
  toString | 
java.text.RuleBasedCollator
 Methods: 8
  clone | 
  compare | source, target
  equals | obj
  getCollationElementIterator | source
  getCollationElementIterator | source
  getCollationKey | source
  getRules | 
  hashCode | 
java.text.SimpleDateFormat
 Methods: 14
  applyLocalizedPattern | pattern
  applyPattern | pattern
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  format | date, toAppendTo, pos
  formatToCharacterIterator | obj
  get2DigitYearStart | 
  getDateFormatSymbols | 
  hashCode | 
  parse | text, pos
  set2DigitYearStart | startDate
  setDateFormatSymbols | newFormatSymbols
  toLocalizedPattern | 
  toPattern | 
java.text.StringCharacterIterator
 Methods: 13
  clone | 
  current | 
  equals | obj
  first | 
  getBeginIndex | 
  getEndIndex | 
  getIndex | 
  hashCode | 
  last | 
  next | 
  previous | 
  setIndex | p
  setText | text
java.text.Normalizer$Form
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.text.ParseException
 Methods: 1
  getErrorOffset | 
java.time.Clock
 Methods: 14
  equals | obj
  fixed | fixedInstant, zone
  getZone | 
  hashCode | 
  instant | 
  millis | 
  offset | baseClock, offsetDuration
  system | zone
  systemDefaultZone | 
  systemUTC | 
  tick | baseClock, tickDuration
  tickMinutes | zone
  tickSeconds | zone
  withZone | zone
java.time.Duration
 Methods: 50
  abs | 
  addTo | temporal
  between | startInclusive, endExclusive
  compareTo | otherDuration
  dividedBy | divisor
  equals | otherDuration
  from | amount
  get | unit
  getNano | 
  getSeconds | 
  getUnits | 
  hashCode | 
  isNegative | 
  isZero | 
  minus | duration
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusDays | daysToSubtract
  minusHours | hoursToSubtract
  minusMillis | millisToSubtract
  minusMinutes | minutesToSubtract
  minusNanos | nanosToSubtract
  minusSeconds | secondsToSubtract
  multipliedBy | multiplicand
  negated | 
  of | amount, unit
  ofDays | days
  ofHours | hours
  ofMillis | millis
  ofMinutes | minutes
  ofNanos | nanos
  ofSeconds | seconds, nanoAdjustment
  ofSeconds | seconds
  parse | text
  plus | duration
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusDays | daysToAdd
  plusHours | hoursToAdd
  plusMillis | millisToAdd
  plusMinutes | minutesToAdd
  plusNanos | nanosToAdd
  plusSeconds | secondsToAdd
  subtractFrom | temporal
  toDays | 
  toHours | 
  toMillis | 
  toMinutes | 
  toNanos | 
  toString | 
  withNanos | nanoOfSecond
  withSeconds | seconds
java.time.Instant
 Methods: 39
  adjustInto | temporal
  atOffset | offset
  atZone | zone
  compareTo | otherInstant
  equals | otherInstant
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getEpochSecond | 
  getLong | field
  getNano | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | otherInstant
  isBefore | otherInstant
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusMillis | millisToSubtract
  minusNanos | nanosToSubtract
  minusSeconds | secondsToSubtract
  now | 
  now | clock
  ofEpochMilli | epochMilli
  ofEpochSecond | epochSecond, nanoAdjustment
  ofEpochSecond | epochSecond
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusMillis | millisToAdd
  plusNanos | nanosToAdd
  plusSeconds | secondsToAdd
  query | query
  range | field
  toEpochMilli | 
  toString | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.LocalDate
 Methods: 64
  adjustInto | temporal
  atStartOfDay | zone
  atStartOfDay | 
  atTime | time
  atTime | hour, minute
  atTime | hour, minute, second
  atTime | hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond
  atTime | time
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getChronology | 
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getDayOfWeek | 
  getDayOfYear | 
  getEra | 
  getLong | field
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isLeapYear | 
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  lengthOfMonth | 
  lengthOfYear | 
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusDays | daysToSubtract
  minusMonths | monthsToSubtract
  minusWeeks | weeksToSubtract
  minusYears | yearsToSubtract
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth
  ofEpochDay | epochDay
  ofYearDay | year, dayOfYear
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusDays | daysToAdd
  plusMonths | monthsToAdd
  plusWeeks | weeksToAdd
  plusYears | yearsToAdd
  query | query
  range | field
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  until | endDateExclusive
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withDayOfMonth | dayOfMonth
  withDayOfYear | dayOfYear
  withMonth | month
  withYear | year
java.time.LocalDateTime
 Methods: 76
  adjustInto | temporal
  atOffset | offset
  atZone | zone
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getDayOfWeek | 
  getDayOfYear | 
  getHour | 
  getLong | field
  getMinute | 
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  getNano | 
  getSecond | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusDays | days
  minusHours | hours
  minusMinutes | minutes
  minusMonths | months
  minusNanos | nanos
  minusSeconds | seconds
  minusWeeks | weeks
  minusYears | years
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute
  of | date, time
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond
  ofEpochSecond | epochSecond, nanoOfSecond, offset
  ofInstant | instant, zone
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusDays | days
  plusHours | hours
  plusMinutes | minutes
  plusMonths | months
  plusNanos | nanos
  plusSeconds | seconds
  plusWeeks | weeks
  plusYears | years
  query | query
  range | field
  toLocalDate | 
  toLocalTime | 
  toString | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withDayOfMonth | dayOfMonth
  withDayOfYear | dayOfYear
  withHour | hour
  withMinute | minute
  withMonth | month
  withNano | nanoOfSecond
  withSecond | second
  withYear | year
java.time.LocalTime
 Methods: 53
  adjustInto | temporal
  atDate | date
  atOffset | offset
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getHour | 
  getLong | field
  getMinute | 
  getNano | 
  getSecond | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusHours | hoursToSubtract
  minusMinutes | minutesToSubtract
  minusNanos | nanosToSubtract
  minusSeconds | secondsToSubtract
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | hour, minute, second
  of | hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond
  of | hour, minute
  ofNanoOfDay | nanoOfDay
  ofSecondOfDay | secondOfDay
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusHours | hoursToAdd
  plusMinutes | minutesToAdd
  plusNanos | nanosToAdd
  plusSeconds | secondstoAdd
  query | query
  range | field
  toNanoOfDay | 
  toSecondOfDay | 
  toString | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withHour | hour
  withMinute | minute
  withNano | nanoOfSecond
  withSecond | second
java.time.MonthDay
 Methods: 29
  adjustInto | temporal
  atYear | year
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getLong | field
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isSupported | field
  isValidYear | year
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | month, dayOfMonth
  of | month, dayOfMonth
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  query | query
  range | field
  toString | 
  with | month
  withDayOfMonth | dayOfMonth
  withMonth | month
java.time.OffsetDateTime
 Methods: 80
  adjustInto | temporal
  atZoneSameInstant | zone
  atZoneSimilarLocal | zone
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getDayOfWeek | 
  getDayOfYear | 
  getHour | 
  getLong | field
  getMinute | 
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  getNano | 
  getOffset | 
  getSecond | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusDays | days
  minusHours | hours
  minusMinutes | minutes
  minusMonths | months
  minusNanos | nanos
  minusSeconds | seconds
  minusWeeks | weeks
  minusYears | years
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | dateTime, offset
  of | date, time, offset
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond, offset
  ofInstant | instant, zone
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusDays | days
  plusHours | hours
  plusMinutes | minutes
  plusMonths | months
  plusNanos | nanos
  plusSeconds | seconds
  plusWeeks | weeks
  plusYears | years
  query | query
  range | field
  timeLineOrder | 
  toEpochSecond | 
  toInstant | 
  toLocalDate | 
  toLocalDateTime | 
  toLocalTime | 
  toOffsetTime | 
  toString | 
  toZonedDateTime | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withDayOfMonth | dayOfMonth
  withDayOfYear | dayOfYear
  withHour | hour
  withMinute | minute
  withMonth | month
  withNano | nanoOfSecond
  withOffsetSameInstant | offset
  withOffsetSameLocal | offset
  withSecond | second
  withYear | year
java.time.OffsetTime
 Methods: 53
  adjustInto | temporal
  atDate | date
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getHour | 
  getLong | field
  getMinute | 
  getNano | 
  getOffset | 
  getSecond | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusHours | hours
  minusMinutes | minutes
  minusNanos | nanos
  minusSeconds | seconds
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond, offset
  of | time, offset
  ofInstant | instant, zone
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusHours | hours
  plusMinutes | minutes
  plusNanos | nanos
  plusSeconds | seconds
  query | query
  range | field
  toLocalTime | 
  toString | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withHour | hour
  withMinute | minute
  withNano | nanoOfSecond
  withOffsetSameInstant | offset
  withOffsetSameLocal | offset
  withSecond | second
java.time.Period
 Methods: 36
  addTo | temporal
  between | startDateInclusive, endDateExclusive
  equals | obj
  from | amount
  get | unit
  getChronology | 
  getDays | 
  getMonths | 
  getUnits | 
  getYears | 
  hashCode | 
  isNegative | 
  isZero | 
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minusDays | daysToSubtract
  minusMonths | monthsToSubtract
  minusYears | yearsToSubtract
  multipliedBy | scalar
  negated | 
  normalized | 
  of | years, months, days
  ofDays | days
  ofMonths | months
  ofWeeks | weeks
  ofYears | years
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plusDays | daysToAdd
  plusMonths | monthsToAdd
  plusYears | yearsToAdd
  subtractFrom | temporal
  toString | 
  toTotalMonths | 
  withDays | days
  withMonths | months
  withYears | years
java.time.Year
 Methods: 39
  adjustInto | temporal
  atDay | dayOfYear
  atMonth | month
  atMonth | month
  atMonthDay | monthDay
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getLong | field
  getValue | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isLeap | 
  isLeap | year
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  isValidMonthDay | monthDay
  length | 
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusYears | yearsToSubtract
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | isoYear
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusYears | yearsToAdd
  query | query
  range | field
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.YearMonth
 Methods: 44
  adjustInto | temporal
  atDay | dayOfMonth
  atEndOfMonth | 
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getLong | field
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isLeapYear | 
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  isValidDay | dayOfMonth
  lengthOfMonth | 
  lengthOfYear | 
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusMonths | monthsToSubtract
  minusYears | yearsToSubtract
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | year, month
  of | year, month
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusMonths | monthsToAdd
  plusYears | yearsToAdd
  query | query
  range | field
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withMonth | month
  withYear | year
java.time.ZonedDateTime
 Methods: 76
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDayOfMonth | 
  getDayOfWeek | 
  getDayOfYear | 
  getHour | 
  getLong | field
  getMinute | 
  getMonth | 
  getMonthValue | 
  getNano | 
  getOffset | 
  getSecond | 
  getYear | 
  getZone | 
  hashCode | 
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amountToSubtract
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  minusDays | days
  minusHours | hours
  minusMinutes | minutes
  minusMonths | months
  minusNanos | nanos
  minusSeconds | seconds
  minusWeeks | weeks
  minusYears | years
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | localDateTime, zone
  of | year, month, dayOfMonth, hour, minute, second, nanoOfSecond, zone
  of | date, time, zone
  ofInstant | instant, zone
  ofInstant | localDateTime, offset, zone
  ofLocal | localDateTime, zone, preferredOffset
  ofStrict | localDateTime, offset, zone
  parse | text, formatter
  parse | text
  plus | amountToAdd
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plusDays | days
  plusHours | hours
  plusMinutes | minutes
  plusMonths | months
  plusNanos | nanos
  plusSeconds | seconds
  plusWeeks | weeks
  plusYears | years
  query | query
  range | field
  toLocalDate | 
  toLocalDateTime | 
  toLocalTime | 
  toOffsetDateTime | 
  toString | 
  truncatedTo | unit
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withDayOfMonth | dayOfMonth
  withDayOfYear | dayOfYear
  withEarlierOffsetAtOverlap | 
  withFixedOffsetZone | 
  withHour | hour
  withLaterOffsetAtOverlap | 
  withMinute | minute
  withMonth | month
  withNano | nanoOfSecond
  withSecond | second
  withYear | year
  withZoneSameInstant | zone
  withZoneSameLocal | zone
java.time.ZoneId
 Methods: 13
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  getAvailableZoneIds | 
  getDisplayName | style, locale
  getId | 
  getRules | 
  hashCode | 
  normalized | 
  of | zoneId, , aliasMap
  of | zoneId
  ofOffset | prefix, offset
  systemDefault | 
  toString | 
java.time.ZoneOffset
 Methods: 19
  adjustInto | temporal
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getId | 
  getLong | field
  getRules | 
  getTotalSeconds | 
  hashCode | 
  isSupported | field
  of | offsetId
  ofHours | hours
  ofHoursMinutes | hours, minutes
  ofHoursMinutesSeconds | hours, minutes, seconds
  ofTotalSeconds | totalSeconds
  query | query
  range | field
  toString | 
java.time.DayOfWeek
 Methods: 14
  adjustInto | temporal
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDisplayName | style, locale
  getLong | field
  getValue | 
  isSupported | field
  minus | days
  of | dayOfWeek
  plus | days
  query | query
  range | field
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.Month
 Methods: 19
  adjustInto | temporal
  firstDayOfYear | leapYear
  firstMonthOfQuarter | 
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getDisplayName | style, locale
  getLong | field
  getValue | 
  isSupported | field
  length | leapYear
  maxLength | 
  minLength | 
  minus | months
  of | month
  plus | months
  query | query
  range | field
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.DateTimeException
 Methods: 0
java.time.chrono.ChronoLocalDate
 Methods: 29
  adjustInto | temporal
  atTime | localTime
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  getEra | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isLeapYear | 
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  lengthOfMonth | 
  lengthOfYear | 
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  plus | amount
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  query | query
  timeLineOrder | 
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  until | endDateExclusive
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.chrono.ChronoLocalDateTime
 Methods: 26
  adjustInto | temporal
  atZone | zone
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  plus | amount
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  query | query
  timeLineOrder | 
  toEpochSecond | offset
  toInstant | offset
  toLocalDate | 
  toLocalTime | 
  toString | 
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.chrono.Chronology
 Methods: 30
  compareTo | other
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | clock
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  equals | obj
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  from | temporal
  getAvailableChronologies | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getDisplayName | style, locale
  getId | 
  hashCode | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  of | id
  ofLocale | locale
  period | years, months, days
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  toString | 
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
  zonedDateTime | temporal
java.time.chrono.ChronoPeriod
 Methods: 16
  addTo | temporal
  between | startDateInclusive, endDateExclusive
  equals | obj
  get | unit
  getChronology | 
  getUnits | 
  hashCode | 
  isNegative | 
  isZero | 
  minus | amountToSubtract
  multipliedBy | scalar
  negated | 
  normalized | 
  plus | amountToAdd
  subtractFrom | temporal
  toString | 
java.time.chrono.ChronoZonedDateTime
 Methods: 34
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  format | formatter
  from | temporal
  get | field
  getChronology | 
  getLong | field
  getOffset | 
  getZone | 
  hashCode | 
  isAfter | other
  isBefore | other
  isEqual | other
  isSupported | unit
  isSupported | field
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  plus | amount
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  query | query
  range | field
  timeLineOrder | 
  toEpochSecond | 
  toInstant | 
  toLocalDate | 
  toLocalDateTime | 
  toLocalTime | 
  toString | 
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withEarlierOffsetAtOverlap | 
  withLaterOffsetAtOverlap | 
  withZoneSameInstant | zone
  withZoneSameLocal | zone
java.time.chrono.Era
 Methods: 8
  adjustInto | temporal
  get | field
  getDisplayName | style, locale
  getLong | field
  getValue | 
  isSupported | field
  query | query
  range | field
java.time.chrono.AbstractChronology
 Methods: 5
  compareTo | other
  equals | obj
  hashCode | 
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  toString | 
java.time.chrono.HijrahChronology
 Methods: 20
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateNow | clock
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getId | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  zonedDateTime | temporal
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
java.time.chrono.HijrahDate
 Methods: 26
  atTime | localTime
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  getEra | 
  getLong | field
  hashCode | 
  isLeapYear | 
  lengthOfMonth | 
  lengthOfYear | 
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  plus | amount
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  range | field
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  until | endDate
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
  withVariant | chronology
java.time.chrono.IsoChronology
 Methods: 21
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateNow | clock
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getId | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  period | years, months, days
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  zonedDateTime | temporal
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
java.time.chrono.JapaneseChronology
 Methods: 20
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateNow | clock
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getId | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  zonedDateTime | temporal
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
java.time.chrono.JapaneseDate
 Methods: 26
  atTime | localTime
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  getEra | 
  getLong | field
  hashCode | 
  isSupported | field
  lengthOfMonth | 
  lengthOfYear | 
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToAdd, unit
  now | zone
  now | 
  now | clock
  of | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  of | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  plus | amount
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  range | field
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endExclusive, unit
  until | endDate
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.chrono.JapaneseEra
 Methods: 6
  getValue | 
  of | japaneseEra
  range | field
  toString | 
  valueOf | japaneseEra
  values | 
java.time.chrono.MinguoChronology
 Methods: 20
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateNow | clock
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getId | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  zonedDateTime | temporal
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
java.time.chrono.MinguoDate
 Methods: 23
  atTime | localTime
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  getEra | 
  getLong | field
  hashCode | 
  lengthOfMonth | 
  minus | amountToAdd, unit
  minus | amount
  now | clock
  now | zone
  now | 
  of | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plus | amount
  range | field
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endDate
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistChronology
 Methods: 20
  date | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  date | era, yearOfEra, month, dayOfMonth
  date | temporal
  dateEpochDay | epochDay
  dateNow | zone
  dateNow | 
  dateNow | clock
  dateYearDay | era, yearOfEra, dayOfYear
  dateYearDay | prolepticYear, dayOfYear
  eraOf | eraValue
  eras | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getId | 
  isLeapYear | prolepticYear
  localDateTime | temporal
  prolepticYear | era, yearOfEra
  range | field
  resolveDate | , fieldValues, resolverStyle
  zonedDateTime | temporal
  zonedDateTime | instant, zone
java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistDate
 Methods: 23
  atTime | localTime
  equals | obj
  from | temporal
  getChronology | 
  getEra | 
  getLong | field
  hashCode | 
  lengthOfMonth | 
  minus | amountToAdd, unit
  minus | amount
  now | clock
  now | zone
  now | 
  of | prolepticYear, month, dayOfMonth
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plus | amount
  range | field
  toEpochDay | 
  toString | 
  until | endDate
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.chrono.HijrahEra
 Methods: 5
  getValue | 
  of | hijrahEra
  range | field
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.chrono.IsoEra
 Methods: 4
  getValue | 
  of | isoEra
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.chrono.MinguoEra
 Methods: 4
  getValue | 
  of | minguoEra
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.chrono.ThaiBuddhistEra
 Methods: 4
  getValue | 
  of | thaiBuddhistEra
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.format.DateTimeFormatter
 Methods: 31
  format | temporal
  formatTo | temporal, appendable
  getChronology | 
  getDecimalStyle | 
  getLocale | 
  getResolverFields | 
  getResolverStyle | 
  getZone | 
  ofLocalizedDate | dateStyle
  ofLocalizedDateTime | dateStyle, timeStyle
  ofLocalizedDateTime | dateTimeStyle
  ofLocalizedTime | timeStyle
  ofPattern | pattern
  ofPattern | pattern, locale
  parse | text, query
  parse | text
  parse | text, position
  parseBest | text, queries
  parseUnresolved | text, position
  parsedExcessDays | 
  parsedLeapSecond | 
  toFormat | parseQuery
  toFormat | 
  toString | 
  withChronology | chrono
  withDecimalStyle | decimalStyle
  withLocale | locale
  withResolverFields | resolverFields
  withResolverFields | resolverFields
  withResolverStyle | resolverStyle
  withZone | zone
java.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder
 Methods: 39
  append | formatter
  appendChronologyId | 
  appendChronologyText | textStyle
  appendFraction | field, minWidth, maxWidth, decimalPoint
  appendInstant | fractionalDigits
  appendInstant | 
  appendLiteral | literal
  appendLiteral | literal
  appendLocalized | dateStyle, timeStyle
  appendLocalizedOffset | style
  appendOffset | pattern, noOffsetText
  appendOffsetId | 
  appendOptional | formatter
  appendPattern | pattern
  appendText | field
  appendText | field, , textLookup
  appendText | field, textStyle
  appendValue | field, minWidth, maxWidth, signStyle
  appendValue | field, width
  appendValue | field
  appendValueReduced | field, width, maxWidth, baseDate
  appendValueReduced | field, width, maxWidth, baseValue
  appendZoneId | 
  appendZoneOrOffsetId | 
  appendZoneRegionId | 
  appendZoneText | textStyle
  appendZoneText | textStyle, preferredZones
  getLocalizedDateTimePattern | dateStyle, timeStyle, chrono, locale
  optionalEnd | 
  optionalStart | 
  padNext | padWidth, padChar
  padNext | padWidth
  parseCaseInsensitive | 
  parseCaseSensitive | 
  parseDefaulting | field, value
  parseLenient | 
  parseStrict | 
  toFormatter | locale
  toFormatter | 
java.time.format.DecimalStyle
 Methods: 14
  equals | obj
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getDecimalSeparator | 
  getNegativeSign | 
  getPositiveSign | 
  getZeroDigit | 
  hashCode | 
  of | locale
  ofDefaultLocale | 
  toString | 
  withDecimalSeparator | decimalSeparator
  withNegativeSign | negativeSign
  withPositiveSign | positiveSign
  withZeroDigit | zeroDigit
java.time.format.FormatStyle
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.format.ResolverStyle
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.format.SignStyle
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.format.TextStyle
 Methods: 5
  asNormal | 
  asStandalone | 
  isStandalone | 
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.format.DateTimeParseException
 Methods: 2
  getErrorIndex | 
  getParsedString | 
java.time.temporal.Temporal
 Methods: 8
  isSupported | unit
  minus | amount
  minus | amountToSubtract, unit
  plus | amountToAdd, unit
  plus | amount
  until | endExclusive, unit
  with | field, newValue
  with | adjuster
java.time.temporal.TemporalAccessor
 Methods: 5
  get | field
  getLong | field
  isSupported | field
  query | query
  range | field
java.time.temporal.TemporalAdjuster
 Methods: 1
  adjustInto | temporal
java.time.temporal.TemporalAmount
 Methods: 4
  addTo | temporal
  get | unit
  getUnits | 
  subtractFrom | temporal
java.time.temporal.TemporalField
 Methods: 12
  adjustInto | temporal, newValue
  getBaseUnit | 
  getDisplayName | locale
  getFrom | temporal
  getRangeUnit | 
  isDateBased | 
  isSupportedBy | temporal
  isTimeBased | 
  range | 
  rangeRefinedBy | temporal
  resolve | , fieldValues, partialTemporal, resolverStyle
  toString | 
java.time.temporal.TemporalQuery
 Methods: 1
  queryFrom | temporal
java.time.temporal.TemporalUnit
 Methods: 8
  addTo | temporal, amount
  between | temporal1Inclusive, temporal2Exclusive
  getDuration | 
  isDateBased | 
  isDurationEstimated | 
  isSupportedBy | temporal
  isTimeBased | 
  toString | 
java.time.temporal.IsoFields
 Methods: 0
java.time.temporal.JulianFields
 Methods: 0
java.time.temporal.TemporalAdjusters
 Methods: 14
  dayOfWeekInMonth | ordinal, dayOfWeek
  firstDayOfMonth | 
  firstDayOfNextMonth | 
  firstDayOfNextYear | 
  firstDayOfYear | 
  firstInMonth | dayOfWeek
  lastDayOfMonth | 
  lastDayOfYear | 
  lastInMonth | dayOfWeek
  next | dayOfWeek
  nextOrSame | dayOfWeek
  ofDateAdjuster | dateBasedAdjuster
  previous | dayOfWeek
  previousOrSame | dayOfWeek
java.time.temporal.TemporalQueries
 Methods: 7
  chronology | 
  localDate | 
  localTime | 
  offset | 
  precision | 
  zone | 
  zoneId | 
java.time.temporal.ValueRange
 Methods: 16
  checkValidIntValue | value, field
  checkValidValue | value, field
  equals | obj
  getLargestMinimum | 
  getMaximum | 
  getMinimum | 
  getSmallestMaximum | 
  hashCode | 
  isFixed | 
  isIntValue | 
  isValidIntValue | value
  isValidValue | value
  of | min, max
  of | minSmallest, minLargest, maxSmallest, maxLargest
  of | min, maxSmallest, maxLargest
  toString | 
java.time.temporal.WeekFields
 Methods: 12
  dayOfWeek | 
  equals | object
  getFirstDayOfWeek | 
  getMinimalDaysInFirstWeek | 
  hashCode | 
  of | firstDayOfWeek, minimalDaysInFirstWeek
  of | locale
  toString | 
  weekBasedYear | 
  weekOfMonth | 
  weekOfWeekBasedYear | 
  weekOfYear | 
java.time.temporal.ChronoField
 Methods: 15
  adjustInto | temporal, newValue
  checkValidIntValue | value
  checkValidValue | value
  getBaseUnit | 
  getDisplayName | locale
  getFrom | temporal
  getRangeUnit | 
  isDateBased | 
  isSupportedBy | temporal
  isTimeBased | 
  range | 
  rangeRefinedBy | temporal
  toString | 
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.temporal.ChronoUnit
 Methods: 10
  addTo | temporal, amount
  between | temporal1Inclusive, temporal2Exclusive
  getDuration | 
  isDateBased | 
  isDurationEstimated | 
  isSupportedBy | temporal
  isTimeBased | 
  toString | 
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.temporal.UnsupportedTemporalTypeException
 Methods: 0
java.time.zone.ZoneOffsetTransition
 Methods: 15
  compareTo | transition
  equals | other
  getDateTimeAfter | 
  getDateTimeBefore | 
  getDuration | 
  getInstant | 
  getOffsetAfter | 
  getOffsetBefore | 
  hashCode | 
  isGap | 
  isOverlap | 
  isValidOffset | offset
  of | transition, offsetBefore, offsetAfter
  toEpochSecond | 
  toString | 
java.time.zone.ZoneOffsetTransitionRule
 Methods: 14
  createTransition | year
  equals | otherRule
  getDayOfMonthIndicator | 
  getDayOfWeek | 
  getLocalTime | 
  getMonth | 
  getOffsetAfter | 
  getOffsetBefore | 
  getStandardOffset | 
  getTimeDefinition | 
  hashCode | 
  isMidnightEndOfDay | 
  of | month, dayOfMonthIndicator, dayOfWeek, time, timeEndOfDay, timeDefnition, standardOffset, offsetBefore, offsetAfter
  toString | 
java.time.zone.ZoneRules
 Methods: 18
  equals | otherRules
  getDaylightSavings | instant
  getOffset | localDateTime
  getOffset | instant
  getStandardOffset | instant
  getTransition | localDateTime
  getTransitionRules | 
  getTransitions | 
  getValidOffsets | localDateTime
  hashCode | 
  isDaylightSavings | instant
  isFixedOffset | 
  isValidOffset | localDateTime, offset
  nextTransition | instant
  of | baseStandardOffset, baseWallOffset, standardOffsetTransitionList, transitionList, lastRules
  of | offset
  previousTransition | instant
  toString | 
java.time.zone.ZoneOffsetTransitionRule$TimeDefinition
 Methods: 3
  createDateTime | dateTime, standardOffset, wallOffset
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.time.zone.ZoneRulesException
 Methods: 0
java.util.Collection
 Methods: 19
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  parallelStream | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  removeIf | filter
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  stream | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
java.util.Comparator
 Methods: 18
  compare | o1, o2
  comparing | ? super T, keyExtractor, keyComparator
  comparing | ? super T, keyExtractor
  comparingDouble | keyExtractor
  comparingInt | keyExtractor
  comparingLong | keyExtractor
  equals | obj
  naturalOrder | 
  nullsFirst | comparator
  nullsLast | comparator
  reverseOrder | 
  reversed | 
  thenComparing | ? super T, keyExtractor
  thenComparing | ? super T, keyExtractor, keyComparator
  thenComparing | other
  thenComparingDouble | keyExtractor
  thenComparingInt | keyExtractor
  thenComparingLong | keyExtractor
java.util.Deque
 Methods: 27
  add | e
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  element | 
  getFirst | 
  getLast | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerLast | e
  peek | 
  peekFirst | 
  peekLast | 
  poll | 
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  pop | 
  push | e
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirst | 
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLast | 
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  size | 
java.util.Enumeration
 Methods: 2
  hasMoreElements | 
  nextElement | 
java.util.EventListener
 Methods: 0
java.util.Formattable
 Methods: 1
  formatTo | formatter, flags, width, precision
java.util.Iterator
 Methods: 4
  forEachRemaining | action
  hasNext | 
  next | 
  remove | 
java.util.List
 Methods: 28
  add | e
  add | index, element
  addAll | c
  addAll | index, c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  get | index
  hashCode | 
  indexOf | o
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  lastIndexOf | o
  listIterator | index
  listIterator | 
  remove | index
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  replaceAll | operator
  retainAll | c
  set | index, element
  size | 
  sort | c
  spliterator | 
  subList | fromIndex, toIndex
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
java.util.ListIterator
 Methods: 9
  add | e
  hasNext | 
  hasPrevious | 
  next | 
  nextIndex | 
  previous | 
  previousIndex | 
  remove | 
  set | e
java.util.Map
 Methods: 25
  clear | 
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  remove | key
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.Map$Entry
 Methods: 9
  comparingByKey | cmp
  comparingByKey | 
  comparingByValue | cmp
  comparingByValue | 
  equals | o
  getKey | 
  getValue | 
  hashCode | 
  setValue | value
java.util.NavigableMap
 Methods: 21
  ceilingEntry | key
  ceilingKey | key
  descendingKeySet | 
  descendingMap | 
  firstEntry | 
  floorEntry | key
  floorKey | key
  headMap | toKey
  headMap | toKey, inclusive
  higherEntry | key
  higherKey | key
  lastEntry | 
  lowerEntry | key
  lowerKey | key
  navigableKeySet | 
  pollFirstEntry | 
  pollLastEntry | 
  subMap | fromKey, toKey
  subMap | fromKey, fromInclusive, toKey, toInclusive
  tailMap | fromKey, inclusive
  tailMap | fromKey
java.util.NavigableSet
 Methods: 15
  ceiling | e
  descendingIterator | 
  descendingSet | 
  floor | e
  headSet | toElement, inclusive
  headSet | toElement
  higher | e
  iterator | 
  lower | e
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  subSet | fromElement, fromInclusive, toElement, toInclusive
  subSet | fromElement, toElement
  tailSet | fromElement
  tailSet | fromElement, inclusive
java.util.Observer
 Methods: 1
  update | o, arg
java.util.PrimitiveIterator
 Methods: 1
  forEachRemaining | action
java.util.PrimitiveIterator$OfDouble
 Methods: 4
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  next | 
  nextDouble | 
java.util.PrimitiveIterator$OfInt
 Methods: 4
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  next | 
  nextInt | 
java.util.PrimitiveIterator$OfLong
 Methods: 4
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  next | 
  nextLong | 
java.util.Queue
 Methods: 6
  add | e
  element | 
  offer | e
  peek | 
  poll | 
  remove | 
java.util.RandomAccess
 Methods: 0
java.util.Set
 Methods: 16
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
java.util.SortedMap
 Methods: 9
  comparator | 
  entrySet | 
  firstKey | 
  headMap | toKey
  keySet | 
  lastKey | 
  subMap | fromKey, toKey
  tailMap | fromKey
  values | 
java.util.SortedSet
 Methods: 7
  comparator | 
  first | 
  headSet | toElement
  last | 
  spliterator | 
  subSet | fromElement, toElement
  tailSet | fromElement
java.util.Spliterator
 Methods: 8
  characteristics | 
  estimateSize | 
  forEachRemaining | action
  getComparator | 
  getExactSizeIfKnown | 
  hasCharacteristics | characteristics
  tryAdvance | action
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterator$OfDouble
 Methods: 5
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  tryAdvance | action
  tryAdvance | action
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterator$OfInt
 Methods: 5
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  tryAdvance | action
  tryAdvance | action
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterator$OfLong
 Methods: 5
  forEachRemaining | action
  forEachRemaining | action
  tryAdvance | action
  tryAdvance | action
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterator$OfPrimitive
 Methods: 3
  forEachRemaining | action
  tryAdvance | action
  trySplit | 
java.util.AbstractCollection
 Methods: 14
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.AbstractList
 Methods: 15
  add | index, element
  add | e
  addAll | index, c
  clear | 
  equals | o
  get | index
  hashCode | 
  indexOf | o
  iterator | 
  lastIndexOf | o
  listIterator | index
  listIterator | 
  remove | index
  set | index, element
  subList | fromIndex, toIndex
java.util.AbstractMap
 Methods: 15
  clear | 
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  get | key
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  remove | key
  size | 
  toString | 
  values | 
java.util.AbstractMap$SimpleEntry
 Methods: 6
  equals | o
  getKey | 
  getValue | 
  hashCode | 
  setValue | value
  toString | 
java.util.AbstractMap$SimpleImmutableEntry
 Methods: 6
  equals | o
  getKey | 
  getValue | 
  hashCode | 
  setValue | value
  toString | 
java.util.AbstractQueue
 Methods: 5
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  element | 
  remove | 
java.util.AbstractSequentialList
 Methods: 7
  add | index, element
  addAll | index, c
  get | index
  iterator | 
  listIterator | index
  remove | index
  set | index, element
java.util.AbstractSet
 Methods: 3
  equals | o
  hashCode | 
  removeAll | c
java.util.ArrayDeque
 Methods: 33
  add | e
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  element | 
  getFirst | 
  getLast | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerLast | e
  peek | 
  peekFirst | 
  peekLast | 
  poll | 
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  pop | 
  push | e
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirst | 
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLast | 
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
java.util.ArrayList
 Methods: 30
  add | e
  add | index, element
  addAll | c
  addAll | index, c
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  ensureCapacity | minCapacity
  forEach | action
  get | index
  indexOf | o
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  lastIndexOf | o
  listIterator | index
  listIterator | 
  remove | index
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  removeIf | filter
  replaceAll | operator
  retainAll | c
  set | index, element
  size | 
  sort | c
  spliterator | 
  subList | fromIndex, toIndex
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  trimToSize | 
java.util.Arrays
 Methods: 155
  asList | a
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key, c
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, fromIndex, toIndex, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, key
  binarySearch | a, key, c
  binarySearch | a, key
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength, newType
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOf | original, newLength
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to, newType
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  copyOfRange | original, from, to
  deepEquals | a1, a2
  deepHashCode | a
  deepToString | a
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  equals | a, a2
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, val
  fill | a, fromIndex, toIndex, val
  fill | a, val
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  hashCode | a
  parallelPrefix | array, fromIndex, toIndex, op
  parallelPrefix | array, op
  parallelPrefix | array, op
  parallelPrefix | array, fromIndex, toIndex, op
  parallelPrefix | array, fromIndex, toIndex, op
  parallelPrefix | array, fromIndex, toIndex, op
  parallelPrefix | array, op
  parallelPrefix | array, op
  parallelSetAll | array, generator
  parallelSetAll | array, generator
  parallelSetAll | array, generator
  parallelSetAll | array, generator
  parallelSort | a, cmp
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  parallelSort | a, fromIndex, toIndex, cmp
  setAll | array, generator
  setAll | array, generator
  setAll | array, generator
  setAll | array, generator
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex, c
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a, c
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a, fromIndex, toIndex
  sort | a
  spliterator | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  spliterator | array
  spliterator | array
  spliterator | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  spliterator | array
  spliterator | array
  spliterator | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  spliterator | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  stream | array
  stream | array
  stream | array
  stream | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  stream | array
  stream | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  stream | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  stream | array, startInclusive, endExclusive
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
  toString | a
java.util.Base64
 Methods: 7
  getDecoder | 
  getEncoder | 
  getMimeDecoder | 
  getMimeEncoder | 
  getMimeEncoder | lineLength, lineSeparator
  getUrlDecoder | 
  getUrlEncoder | 
java.util.Base64$Decoder
 Methods: 5
  decode | src
  decode | src, dst
  decode | src
  decode | buffer
  wrap | is
java.util.Base64$Encoder
 Methods: 6
  encode | src, dst
  encode | src
  encode | buffer
  encodeToString | src
  withoutPadding | 
  wrap | os
java.util.BitSet
 Methods: 35
  and | set
  andNot | set
  cardinality | 
  clear | fromIndex, toIndex
  clear | bitIndex
  clear | 
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  flip | bitIndex
  flip | fromIndex, toIndex
  get | bitIndex
  get | fromIndex, toIndex
  hashCode | 
  intersects | set
  isEmpty | 
  length | 
  nextClearBit | fromIndex
  nextSetBit | fromIndex
  or | set
  previousClearBit | fromIndex
  previousSetBit | fromIndex
  set | fromIndex, toIndex, value
  set | fromIndex, toIndex
  set | bitIndex
  set | bitIndex, value
  size | 
  stream | 
  toByteArray | 
  toLongArray | 
  toString | 
  valueOf | longs
  valueOf | bytes
  valueOf | bb
  valueOf | lb
  xor | set
java.util.Calendar
 Methods: 50
  add | field, amount
  after | when
  before | when
  clear | 
  clear | field
  clone | 
  compareTo | anotherCalendar
  equals | obj
  get | field
  getActualMaximum | field
  getActualMinimum | field
  getAvailableCalendarTypes | 
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCalendarType | 
  getDisplayName | field, style, locale
  getDisplayNames | field, style, locale
  getFirstDayOfWeek | 
  getGreatestMinimum | field
  getInstance | 
  getInstance | aLocale
  getInstance | zone, aLocale
  getInstance | zone
  getLeastMaximum | field
  getMaximum | field
  getMinimalDaysInFirstWeek | 
  getMinimum | field
  getTime | 
  getTimeInMillis | 
  getTimeZone | 
  getWeekYear | 
  getWeeksInWeekYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isLenient | 
  isSet | field
  isWeekDateSupported | 
  roll | field, up
  roll | field, amount
  set | year, month, date, hourOfDay, minute, second
  set | year, month, date, hourOfDay, minute
  set | field, value
  set | year, month, date
  setFirstDayOfWeek | value
  setLenient | lenient
  setMinimalDaysInFirstWeek | value
  setTime | date
  setTimeInMillis | millis
  setTimeZone | value
  setWeekDate | weekYear, weekOfYear, dayOfWeek
  toInstant | 
  toString | 
java.util.Calendar$Builder
 Methods: 14
  build | 
  set | field, value
  setCalendarType | type
  setDate | year, month, dayOfMonth
  setFields | fieldValuePairs
  setInstant | instant
  setInstant | instant
  setLenient | lenient
  setLocale | locale
  setTimeOfDay | hourOfDay, minute, second
  setTimeOfDay | hourOfDay, minute, second, millis
  setTimeZone | zone
  setWeekDate | weekYear, weekOfYear, dayOfWeek
  setWeekDefinition | firstDayOfWeek, minimalDaysInFirstWeek
java.util.Collections
 Methods: 66
  addAll | c, elements
  asLifoQueue | deque
  binarySearch | list, key, c
  binarySearch | list, key
  checkedCollection | c, type
  checkedList | list, type
  checkedMap | K, m, keyType, valueType
  checkedNavigableMap | K, m, keyType, valueType
  checkedNavigableSet | s, type
  checkedQueue | queue, type
  checkedSet | s, type
  checkedSortedMap | K, m, keyType, valueType
  checkedSortedSet | s, type
  copy | dest, src
  disjoint | c1, c2
  emptyEnumeration | 
  emptyIterator | 
  emptyList | 
  emptyListIterator | 
  emptyMap | 
  emptyNavigableMap | 
  emptyNavigableSet | 
  emptySet | 
  emptySortedMap | 
  emptySortedSet | 
  enumeration | c
  fill | list, obj
  frequency | c, o
  indexOfSubList | source, target
  lastIndexOfSubList | source, target
  list | e
  max | coll, comp
  max | coll
  min | coll
  min | coll, comp
  nCopies | n, o
  newSetFromMap | E, map
  replaceAll | list, oldVal, newVal
  reverse | list
  reverseOrder | 
  reverseOrder | cmp
  rotate | list, distance
  shuffle | list, rnd
  shuffle | list
  singleton | o
  singletonList | o
  singletonMap | key, value
  sort | list
  sort | list, c
  swap | list, i, j
  synchronizedCollection | c
  synchronizedList | list
  synchronizedMap | K, m
  synchronizedNavigableMap | K, m
  synchronizedNavigableSet | s
  synchronizedSet | s
  synchronizedSortedMap | K, m
  synchronizedSortedSet | s
  unmodifiableCollection | c
  unmodifiableList | list
  unmodifiableMap | ? extends K, m
  unmodifiableNavigableMap | K, m
  unmodifiableNavigableSet | s
  unmodifiableSet | s
  unmodifiableSortedMap | K, m
  unmodifiableSortedSet | s
java.util.Currency
 Methods: 11
  getAvailableCurrencies | 
  getCurrencyCode | 
  getDefaultFractionDigits | 
  getDisplayName | 
  getDisplayName | locale
  getInstance | currencyCode
  getInstance | locale
  getNumericCode | 
  getSymbol | locale
  getSymbol | 
  toString | 
java.util.Date
 Methods: 29
  UTC | year, month, date, hrs, min, sec
  after | when
  before | when
  clone | 
  compareTo | anotherDate
  equals | obj
  from | instant
  getDate | 
  getDay | 
  getHours | 
  getMinutes | 
  getMonth | 
  getSeconds | 
  getTime | 
  getTimezoneOffset | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  parse | s
  setDate | date
  setHours | hours
  setMinutes | minutes
  setMonth | month
  setSeconds | seconds
  setTime | time
  setYear | year
  toGMTString | 
  toInstant | 
  toLocaleString | 
  toString | 
java.util.Dictionary
 Methods: 7
  elements | 
  get | key
  isEmpty | 
  keys | 
  put | key, value
  remove | key
  size | 
java.util.DoubleSummaryStatistics
 Methods: 8
  accept | value
  combine | other
  getAverage | 
  getCount | 
  getMax | 
  getMin | 
  getSum | 
  toString | 
java.util.EnumMap
 Methods: 14
  clear | 
  clone | 
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  get | key
  hashCode | 
  keySet | 
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  remove | key
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.EnumSet
 Methods: 13
  allOf | elementType
  clone | 
  complementOf | s
  copyOf | s
  copyOf | c
  noneOf | elementType
  of | first, rest
  of | e1, e2, e3
  of | e1, e2
  of | e1, e2, e3, e4, e5
  of | e1, e2, e3, e4
  of | e
  range | from, to
java.util.EventListenerProxy
 Methods: 1
  getListener | 
java.util.EventObject
 Methods: 2
  getSource | 
  toString | 
java.util.FormattableFlags
 Methods: 0
java.util.Formatter
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  flush | 
  format | l, format, args
  format | format, args
  ioException | 
  locale | 
  out | 
  toString | 
java.util.GregorianCalendar
 Methods: 24
  add | field, amount
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  from | zdt
  getActualMaximum | field
  getActualMinimum | field
  getCalendarType | 
  getGreatestMinimum | field
  getGregorianChange | 
  getLeastMaximum | field
  getMaximum | field
  getMinimum | field
  getTimeZone | 
  getWeekYear | 
  getWeeksInWeekYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isLeapYear | year
  isWeekDateSupported | 
  roll | field, up
  roll | field, amount
  setGregorianChange | date
  setTimeZone | zone
  setWeekDate | weekYear, weekOfYear, dayOfWeek
  toZonedDateTime | 
java.util.HashMap
 Methods: 24
  clear | 
  clone | 
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  remove | key
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.HashSet
 Methods: 9
  add | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
java.util.Hashtable
 Methods: 30
  clear | 
  clone | 
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  contains | value
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  elements | 
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  keys | 
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, t
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  remove | key
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  toString | 
  values | 
java.util.IdentityHashMap
 Methods: 17
  clear | 
  clone | 
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  remove | key
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.IntSummaryStatistics
 Methods: 8
  accept | value
  combine | other
  getAverage | 
  getCount | 
  getMax | 
  getMin | 
  getSum | 
  toString | 
java.util.LinkedHashMap
 Methods: 9
  clear | 
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  keySet | 
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  values | 
java.util.LinkedHashSet
 Methods: 1
  spliterator | 
java.util.LinkedList
 Methods: 40
  add | e
  add | index, element
  addAll | c
  addAll | index, c
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  element | 
  get | index
  getFirst | 
  getLast | 
  indexOf | o
  lastIndexOf | o
  listIterator | index
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerLast | e
  peek | 
  peekFirst | 
  peekLast | 
  poll | 
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  pop | 
  push | e
  remove | index
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirst | 
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLast | 
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  set | index, element
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
java.util.ListResourceBundle
 Methods: 2
  getKeys | 
  handleGetObject | key
java.util.Locale
 Methods: 42
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  filter | priorityList, locales
  filter | priorityList, locales, mode
  filterTags | priorityList, tags, mode
  filterTags | priorityList, tags
  forLanguageTag | languageTag
  getAvailableLocales | 
  getCountry | 
  getDefault | category
  getDefault | 
  getDisplayCountry | locale
  getDisplayCountry | 
  getDisplayLanguage | locale
  getDisplayLanguage | 
  getDisplayName | 
  getDisplayName | locale
  getDisplayScript | 
  getDisplayScript | inLocale
  getDisplayVariant | inLocale
  getDisplayVariant | 
  getExtension | key
  getExtensionKeys | 
  getISO3Country | 
  getISO3Language | 
  getISOCountries | 
  getISOLanguages | 
  getLanguage | 
  getScript | 
  getUnicodeLocaleAttributes | 
  getUnicodeLocaleKeys | 
  getUnicodeLocaleType | key
  getVariant | 
  hasExtensions | 
  hashCode | 
  lookup | priorityList, locales
  lookupTag | priorityList, tags
  setDefault | newLocale
  setDefault | category, newLocale
  stripExtensions | 
  toLanguageTag | 
  toString | 
java.util.Locale$Builder
 Methods: 13
  addUnicodeLocaleAttribute | attribute
  build | 
  clear | 
  clearExtensions | 
  removeUnicodeLocaleAttribute | attribute
  setExtension | key, value
  setLanguage | language
  setLanguageTag | languageTag
  setLocale | locale
  setRegion | region
  setScript | script
  setUnicodeLocaleKeyword | key, type
  setVariant | variant
java.util.Locale$LanguageRange
 Methods: 7
  equals | obj
  getRange | 
  getWeight | 
  hashCode | 
  mapEquivalents | priorityList, , map
  parse | ranges
  parse | ranges, , map
java.util.LongSummaryStatistics
 Methods: 9
  accept | value
  accept | value
  combine | other
  getAverage | 
  getCount | 
  getMax | 
  getMin | 
  getSum | 
  toString | 
java.util.Objects
 Methods: 12
  compare | a, b, c
  deepEquals | a, b
  equals | a, b
  hash | values
  hashCode | o
  isNull | obj
  nonNull | obj
  requireNonNull | obj, message
  requireNonNull | obj, messageSupplier
  requireNonNull | obj
  toString | o
  toString | o, nullDefault
java.util.Observable
 Methods: 7
  addObserver | o
  countObservers | 
  deleteObserver | o
  deleteObservers | 
  hasChanged | 
  notifyObservers | arg
  notifyObservers | 
java.util.Optional
 Methods: 15
  empty | 
  equals | obj
  filter | predicate
  flatMap | ? super T, mapper
  get | 
  hashCode | 
  ifPresent | consumer
  isPresent | 
  map | ? super T, mapper
  of | value
  ofNullable | value
  orElse | other
  orElseGet | other
  orElseThrow | exceptionSupplier
  toString | 
java.util.OptionalDouble
 Methods: 11
  empty | 
  equals | obj
  getAsDouble | 
  hashCode | 
  ifPresent | consumer
  isPresent | 
  of | value
  orElse | other
  orElseGet | other
  orElseThrow | exceptionSupplier
  toString | 
java.util.OptionalInt
 Methods: 11
  empty | 
  equals | obj
  getAsInt | 
  hashCode | 
  ifPresent | consumer
  isPresent | 
  of | value
  orElse | other
  orElseGet | other
  orElseThrow | exceptionSupplier
  toString | 
java.util.OptionalLong
 Methods: 11
  empty | 
  equals | obj
  getAsLong | 
  hashCode | 
  ifPresent | consumer
  isPresent | 
  of | value
  orElse | other
  orElseGet | other
  orElseThrow | exceptionSupplier
  toString | 
java.util.PriorityQueue
 Methods: 13
  add | e
  clear | 
  comparator | 
  contains | o
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  peek | 
  poll | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
java.util.Properties
 Methods: 15
  getProperty | key, defaultValue
  getProperty | key
  list | out
  list | out
  load | inStream
  load | reader
  loadFromXML | in
  propertyNames | 
  save | out, comments
  setProperty | key, value
  store | out, comments
  store | writer, comments
  storeToXML | os, comment, encoding
  storeToXML | os, comment
  stringPropertyNames | 
java.util.PropertyPermission
 Methods: 0
java.util.PropertyResourceBundle
 Methods: 2
  getKeys | 
  handleGetObject | key
java.util.Random
 Methods: 21
  doubles | streamSize
  doubles | 
  doubles | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  doubles | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | streamSize
  ints | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | 
  longs | 
  longs | streamSize
  longs | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  longs | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  nextBoolean | 
  nextBytes | bytes
  nextDouble | 
  nextFloat | 
  nextGaussian | 
  nextInt | 
  nextInt | bound
  nextLong | 
  setSeed | seed
java.util.ResourceBundle
 Methods: 16
  clearCache | loader
  clearCache | 
  containsKey | key
  getBaseBundleName | 
  getBundle | baseName, targetLocale, control
  getBundle | baseName, locale
  getBundle | baseName
  getBundle | baseName, targetLocale, loader, control
  getBundle | baseName, locale, loader
  getBundle | baseName, control
  getKeys | 
  getLocale | 
  getObject | key
  getString | key
  getStringArray | key
  keySet | 
java.util.ResourceBundle$Control
 Methods: 10
  getCandidateLocales | baseName, locale
  getControl | formats
  getFallbackLocale | baseName, locale
  getFormats | baseName
  getNoFallbackControl | formats
  getTimeToLive | baseName, locale
  needsReload | baseName, locale, format, loader, bundle, loadTime
  newBundle | baseName, locale, format, loader, reload
  toBundleName | baseName, locale
  toResourceName | bundleName, suffix
java.util.Scanner
 Methods: 55
  close | 
  delimiter | 
  findInLine | pattern
  findInLine | pattern
  findWithinHorizon | pattern, horizon
  findWithinHorizon | pattern, horizon
  hasNext | 
  hasNext | pattern
  hasNext | pattern
  hasNextBigDecimal | 
  hasNextBigInteger | radix
  hasNextBigInteger | 
  hasNextBoolean | 
  hasNextByte | 
  hasNextByte | radix
  hasNextDouble | 
  hasNextFloat | 
  hasNextInt | 
  hasNextInt | radix
  hasNextLine | 
  hasNextLong | 
  hasNextLong | radix
  hasNextShort | 
  hasNextShort | radix
  ioException | 
  locale | 
  match | 
  next | pattern
  next | 
  next | pattern
  nextBigDecimal | 
  nextBigInteger | 
  nextBigInteger | radix
  nextBoolean | 
  nextByte | radix
  nextByte | 
  nextDouble | 
  nextFloat | 
  nextInt | 
  nextInt | radix
  nextLine | 
  nextLong | 
  nextLong | radix
  nextShort | radix
  nextShort | 
  radix | 
  remove | 
  reset | 
  skip | pattern
  skip | pattern
  toString | 
  useDelimiter | pattern
  useDelimiter | pattern
  useLocale | locale
  useRadix | radix
java.util.ServiceLoader
 Methods: 6
  iterator | 
  load | service
  load | service, loader
  loadInstalled | service
  reload | 
  toString | 
java.util.SimpleTimeZone
 Methods: 21
  clone | 
  equals | obj
  getDSTSavings | 
  getOffset | date
  getOffset | era, year, month, day, dayOfWeek, millis
  getRawOffset | 
  hasSameRules | other
  hashCode | 
  inDaylightTime | date
  observesDaylightTime | 
  setDSTSavings | millisSavedDuringDST
  setEndRule | endMonth, endDay, endDayOfWeek, endTime, after
  setEndRule | endMonth, endDay, endDayOfWeek, endTime
  setEndRule | endMonth, endDay, endTime
  setRawOffset | offsetMillis
  setStartRule | startMonth, startDay, startDayOfWeek, startTime
  setStartRule | startMonth, startDay, startTime
  setStartRule | startMonth, startDay, startDayOfWeek, startTime, after
  setStartYear | year
  toString | 
  useDaylightTime | 
java.util.Spliterators
 Methods: 25
  emptyDoubleSpliterator | 
  emptyIntSpliterator | 
  emptyLongSpliterator | 
  emptySpliterator | 
  iterator | spliterator
  iterator | spliterator
  iterator | spliterator
  iterator | spliterator
  spliterator | iterator, size, characteristics
  spliterator | array, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | array, fromIndex, toIndex, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | array, fromIndex, toIndex, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | iterator, size, characteristics
  spliterator | iterator, size, characteristics
  spliterator | array, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | array, fromIndex, toIndex, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | c, characteristics
  spliterator | array, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | array, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | array, fromIndex, toIndex, additionalCharacteristics
  spliterator | iterator, size, characteristics
  spliteratorUnknownSize | iterator, characteristics
  spliteratorUnknownSize | iterator, characteristics
  spliteratorUnknownSize | iterator, characteristics
  spliteratorUnknownSize | iterator, characteristics
java.util.Spliterators$AbstractDoubleSpliterator
 Methods: 3
  characteristics | 
  estimateSize | 
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterators$AbstractIntSpliterator
 Methods: 3
  characteristics | 
  estimateSize | 
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterators$AbstractLongSpliterator
 Methods: 3
  characteristics | 
  estimateSize | 
  trySplit | 
java.util.Spliterators$AbstractSpliterator
 Methods: 3
  characteristics | 
  estimateSize | 
  trySplit | 
java.util.SplittableRandom
 Methods: 23
  doubles | streamSize
  doubles | 
  doubles | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  doubles | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | streamSize
  ints | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | 
  longs | 
  longs | streamSize
  longs | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  longs | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  nextBoolean | 
  nextDouble | 
  nextDouble | bound
  nextDouble | origin, bound
  nextInt | 
  nextInt | origin, bound
  nextInt | bound
  nextLong | bound
  nextLong | 
  nextLong | origin, bound
  split | 
java.util.Stack
 Methods: 5
  empty | 
  peek | 
  pop | 
  push | item
  search | o
java.util.StringJoiner
 Methods: 5
  add | newElement
  length | 
  merge | other
  setEmptyValue | emptyValue
  toString | 
java.util.StringTokenizer
 Methods: 6
  countTokens | 
  hasMoreElements | 
  hasMoreTokens | 
  nextElement | 
  nextToken | delim
  nextToken | 
java.util.Timer
 Methods: 8
  cancel | 
  purge | 
  schedule | task, delay, period
  schedule | task, time
  schedule | task, firstTime, period
  schedule | task, delay
  scheduleAtFixedRate | task, delay, period
  scheduleAtFixedRate | task, firstTime, period
java.util.TimerTask
 Methods: 3
  cancel | 
  run | 
  scheduledExecutionTime | 
java.util.TimeZone
 Methods: 23
  clone | 
  getAvailableIDs | 
  getAvailableIDs | rawOffset
  getDSTSavings | 
  getDefault | 
  getDisplayName | daylightTime, style, locale
  getDisplayName | locale
  getDisplayName | daylight, style
  getDisplayName | 
  getID | 
  getOffset | date
  getOffset | era, year, month, day, dayOfWeek, milliseconds
  getRawOffset | 
  getTimeZone | id
  getTimeZone | zoneId
  hasSameRules | other
  inDaylightTime | date
  observesDaylightTime | 
  setDefault | timeZone
  setID | ID
  setRawOffset | offsetMillis
  toZoneId | 
  useDaylightTime | 
java.util.TreeMap
 Methods: 40
  ceilingEntry | key
  ceilingKey | key
  clear | 
  clone | 
  comparator | 
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  descendingKeySet | 
  descendingMap | 
  entrySet | 
  firstEntry | 
  firstKey | 
  floorEntry | key
  floorKey | key
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  headMap | toKey
  headMap | toKey, inclusive
  higherEntry | key
  higherKey | key
  keySet | 
  lastEntry | 
  lastKey | 
  lowerEntry | key
  lowerKey | key
  navigableKeySet | 
  pollFirstEntry | 
  pollLastEntry | 
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, map
  remove | key
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  subMap | fromKey, toKey
  subMap | fromKey, fromInclusive, toKey, toInclusive
  tailMap | fromKey, inclusive
  tailMap | fromKey
  values | 
java.util.TreeSet
 Methods: 27
  add | e
  addAll | c
  ceiling | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  comparator | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  descendingSet | 
  first | 
  floor | e
  headSet | toElement, inclusive
  headSet | toElement
  higher | e
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  last | 
  lower | e
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  subSet | fromElement, fromInclusive, toElement, toInclusive
  subSet | fromElement, toElement
  tailSet | fromElement, inclusive
  tailSet | fromElement
java.util.UUID
 Methods: 14
  clockSequence | 
  compareTo | val
  equals | obj
  fromString | name
  getLeastSignificantBits | 
  getMostSignificantBits | 
  hashCode | 
  nameUUIDFromBytes | name
  node | 
  randomUUID | 
  timestamp | 
  toString | 
  variant | 
  version | 
java.util.Vector
 Methods: 49
  add | index, element
  add | e
  addAll | index, c
  addAll | c
  addElement | obj
  capacity | 
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  copyInto | anArray
  elementAt | index
  elements | 
  ensureCapacity | minCapacity
  equals | o
  firstElement | 
  forEach | action
  get | index
  hashCode | 
  indexOf | o
  indexOf | o, index
  insertElementAt | obj, index
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  lastElement | 
  lastIndexOf | o
  lastIndexOf | o, index
  listIterator | index
  listIterator | 
  remove | o
  remove | index
  removeAll | c
  removeAllElements | 
  removeElement | obj
  removeElementAt | index
  removeIf | filter
  replaceAll | operator
  retainAll | c
  set | index, element
  setElementAt | obj, index
  setSize | newSize
  size | 
  sort | c
  spliterator | 
  subList | fromIndex, toIndex
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  toString | 
  trimToSize | 
java.util.WeakHashMap
 Methods: 14
  clear | 
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  remove | key
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.Formatter$BigDecimalLayoutForm
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.util.Locale$Category
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.util.Locale$FilteringMode
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.util.ConcurrentModificationException
 Methods: 0
java.util.DuplicateFormatFlagsException
 Methods: 2
  getFlags | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.EmptyStackException
 Methods: 0
java.util.FormatFlagsConversionMismatchException
 Methods: 3
  getConversion | 
  getFlags | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.FormatterClosedException
 Methods: 0
java.util.IllegalFormatCodePointException
 Methods: 2
  getCodePoint | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.IllegalFormatConversionException
 Methods: 3
  getArgumentClass | 
  getConversion | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.IllegalFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.util.IllegalFormatFlagsException
 Methods: 2
  getFlags | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.IllegalFormatPrecisionException
 Methods: 2
  getMessage | 
  getPrecision | 
java.util.IllegalFormatWidthException
 Methods: 2
  getMessage | 
  getWidth | 
java.util.IllformedLocaleException
 Methods: 1
  getErrorIndex | 
java.util.InputMismatchException
 Methods: 0
java.util.InvalidPropertiesFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.util.MissingFormatArgumentException
 Methods: 2
  getFormatSpecifier | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.MissingFormatWidthException
 Methods: 2
  getFormatSpecifier | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.MissingResourceException
 Methods: 2
  getClassName | 
  getKey | 
java.util.NoSuchElementException
 Methods: 0
java.util.TooManyListenersException
 Methods: 0
java.util.UnknownFormatConversionException
 Methods: 2
  getConversion | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.UnknownFormatFlagsException
 Methods: 2
  getFlags | 
  getMessage | 
java.util.ServiceConfigurationError
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.BlockingDeque
 Methods: 29
  add | e
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  contains | o
  element | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerFirst | e, timeout, unit
  offerLast | e
  offerLast | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  pollFirst | timeout, unit
  pollLast | timeout, unit
  push | e
  put | e
  putFirst | e
  putLast | e
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  size | 
  take | 
  takeFirst | 
  takeLast | 
java.util.concurrent.BlockingQueue
 Methods: 11
  add | e
  contains | o
  drainTo | c
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  poll | timeout, unit
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  take | 
java.util.concurrent.Callable
 Methods: 1
  call | 
java.util.concurrent.CompletableFuture$AsynchronousCompletionTask
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.CompletionService
 Methods: 5
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  submit | task, result
  submit | task
  take | 
java.util.concurrent.CompletionStage
 Methods: 38
  acceptEither | other, action
  acceptEitherAsync | other, action, executor
  acceptEitherAsync | other, action
  applyToEither | other, ? super T, fn
  applyToEitherAsync | other, ? super T, fn, executor
  applyToEitherAsync | other, ? super T, fn
  exceptionally | , fn
  handle | ? super T,  , fn
  handleAsync | ? super T,  , fn, executor
  handleAsync | ? super T,  , fn
  runAfterBoth | other, action
  runAfterBothAsync | other, action
  runAfterBothAsync | other, action, executor
  runAfterEither | other, action
  runAfterEitherAsync | other, action
  runAfterEitherAsync | other, action, executor
  thenAccept | action
  thenAcceptAsync | action, executor
  thenAcceptAsync | action
  thenAcceptBoth | other, ? super T, action
  thenAcceptBothAsync | other, ? super T, action, executor
  thenAcceptBothAsync | other, ? super T, action
  thenApply | ? super T, fn
  thenApplyAsync | ? super T, fn
  thenApplyAsync | ? super T, fn, executor
  thenCombine | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn
  thenCombineAsync | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn
  thenCombineAsync | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn, executor
  thenCompose | ? super T, fn
  thenComposeAsync | ? super T, fn, executor
  thenComposeAsync | ? super T, fn
  thenRun | action
  thenRunAsync | action, executor
  thenRunAsync | action
  toCompletableFuture | 
  whenComplete | ? super T, action
  whenCompleteAsync | ? super T, action
  whenCompleteAsync | ? super T, action, executor
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentMap
 Methods: 11
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  forEach | ? super K, action
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentNavigableMap
 Methods: 10
  descendingKeySet | 
  descendingMap | 
  headMap | toKey
  headMap | toKey, inclusive
  keySet | 
  navigableKeySet | 
  subMap | fromKey, toKey
  subMap | fromKey, fromInclusive, toKey, toInclusive
  tailMap | fromKey, inclusive
  tailMap | fromKey
java.util.concurrent.Delayed
 Methods: 1
  getDelay | unit
java.util.concurrent.Executor
 Methods: 1
  execute | command
java.util.concurrent.ExecutorService
 Methods: 12
  awaitTermination | timeout, unit
  invokeAll | tasks
  invokeAll | tasks, timeout, unit
  invokeAny | tasks
  invokeAny | tasks, timeout, unit
  isShutdown | 
  isTerminated | 
  shutdown | 
  shutdownNow | 
  submit | task
  submit | task, result
  submit | task
java.util.concurrent.ForkJoinPool$ForkJoinWorkerThreadFactory
 Methods: 1
  newThread | pool
java.util.concurrent.ForkJoinPool$ManagedBlocker
 Methods: 2
  block | 
  isReleasable | 
java.util.concurrent.Future
 Methods: 5
  cancel | mayInterruptIfRunning
  get | timeout, unit
  get | 
  isCancelled | 
  isDone | 
java.util.concurrent.RejectedExecutionHandler
 Methods: 1
  rejectedExecution | r, executor
java.util.concurrent.RunnableFuture
 Methods: 1
  run | 
java.util.concurrent.RunnableScheduledFuture
 Methods: 1
  isPeriodic | 
java.util.concurrent.ScheduledExecutorService
 Methods: 4
  schedule | callable, delay, unit
  schedule | command, delay, unit
  scheduleAtFixedRate | command, initialDelay, period, unit
  scheduleWithFixedDelay | command, initialDelay, delay, unit
java.util.concurrent.ScheduledFuture
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.ThreadFactory
 Methods: 1
  newThread | r
java.util.concurrent.TransferQueue
 Methods: 5
  getWaitingConsumerCount | 
  hasWaitingConsumer | 
  transfer | e
  tryTransfer | e
  tryTransfer | e, timeout, unit
java.util.concurrent.AbstractExecutorService
 Methods: 7
  invokeAll | tasks
  invokeAll | tasks, timeout, unit
  invokeAny | tasks
  invokeAny | tasks, timeout, unit
  submit | task
  submit | task, result
  submit | task
java.util.concurrent.ArrayBlockingQueue
 Methods: 20
  add | e
  clear | 
  contains | o
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.CompletableFuture
 Methods: 59
  acceptEither | other, action
  acceptEitherAsync | other, action
  acceptEitherAsync | other, action, executor
  allOf | cfs
  anyOf | cfs
  applyToEither | other, ? super T, fn
  applyToEitherAsync | other, ? super T, fn
  applyToEitherAsync | other, ? super T, fn, executor
  cancel | mayInterruptIfRunning
  complete | value
  completeExceptionally | ex
  completedFuture | value
  exceptionally | , fn
  get | timeout, unit
  get | 
  getNow | valueIfAbsent
  getNumberOfDependents | 
  handle | ? super T,  , fn
  handleAsync | ? super T,  , fn, executor
  handleAsync | ? super T,  , fn
  isCancelled | 
  isCompletedExceptionally | 
  isDone | 
  join | 
  obtrudeException | ex
  obtrudeValue | value
  runAfterBoth | other, action
  runAfterBothAsync | other, action
  runAfterBothAsync | other, action, executor
  runAfterEither | other, action
  runAfterEitherAsync | other, action, executor
  runAfterEitherAsync | other, action
  runAsync | runnable
  runAsync | runnable, executor
  supplyAsync | supplier
  supplyAsync | supplier, executor
  thenAccept | action
  thenAcceptAsync | action, executor
  thenAcceptAsync | action
  thenAcceptBoth | other, ? super T, action
  thenAcceptBothAsync | other, ? super T, action, executor
  thenAcceptBothAsync | other, ? super T, action
  thenApply | ? super T, fn
  thenApplyAsync | ? super T, fn
  thenApplyAsync | ? super T, fn, executor
  thenCombine | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn
  thenCombineAsync | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn, executor
  thenCombineAsync | other, ? super T,  ? super U, fn
  thenCompose | ? super T, fn
  thenComposeAsync | ? super T, fn, executor
  thenComposeAsync | ? super T, fn
  thenRun | action
  thenRunAsync | action, executor
  thenRunAsync | action
  toCompletableFuture | 
  toString | 
  whenComplete | ? super T, action
  whenCompleteAsync | ? super T, action
  whenCompleteAsync | ? super T, action, executor
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap
 Methods: 64
  clear | 
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  contains | value
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  elements | 
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  forEach | ? super K, action
  forEach | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, action
  forEach | parallelismThreshold, ? super K,  ? super V, transformer, action
  forEachEntry | parallelismThreshold, K,  V, transformer, action
  forEachEntry | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, action
  forEachKey | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, transformer, action
  forEachKey | parallelismThreshold, action
  forEachValue | parallelismThreshold, ? super V, transformer, action
  forEachValue | parallelismThreshold, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  keySet | mappedValue
  keys | 
  mappingCount | 
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  newKeySet | 
  newKeySet | initialCapacity
  put | key, value
  putAll | ? extends K, m
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  reduce | parallelismThreshold, ? super K,  ? super V, transformer, ? super U,  ? super U, reducer
  reduceEntries | parallelismThreshold, K,  V,  K,  V,  ? extends K, reducer
  reduceEntries | parallelismThreshold, K,  V, transformer, ? super U,  ? super U, reducer
  reduceEntriesToDouble | parallelismThreshold, K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceEntriesToInt | parallelismThreshold, K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceEntriesToLong | parallelismThreshold, K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceKeys | parallelismThreshold, ? super K,  ? super K, reducer
  reduceKeys | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, transformer, ? super U,  ? super U, reducer
  reduceKeysToDouble | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceKeysToInt | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceKeysToLong | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceToDouble | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceToInt | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceToLong | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceValues | parallelismThreshold, ? super V,  ? super V, reducer
  reduceValues | parallelismThreshold, ? super V, transformer, ? super U,  ? super U, reducer
  reduceValuesToDouble | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceValuesToInt | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  reduceValuesToLong | parallelismThreshold, transformer, basis, reducer
  remove | key
  remove | key, value
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  search | parallelismThreshold, ? super K,  ? super V, searchFunction
  searchEntries | parallelismThreshold, K,  V, searchFunction
  searchKeys | parallelismThreshold, ? super K, searchFunction
  searchValues | parallelismThreshold, ? super V, searchFunction
  size | 
  toString | 
  values | 
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentHashMap$KeySetView
 Methods: 20
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  forEach | action
  getMap | 
  getMappedValue | 
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentLinkedDeque
 Methods: 34
  add | e
  addAll | c
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  clear | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  element | 
  getFirst | 
  getLast | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerLast | e
  peek | 
  peekFirst | 
  peekLast | 
  poll | 
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  pop | 
  push | e
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirst | 
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLast | 
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentLinkedQueue
 Methods: 14
  add | e
  addAll | c
  contains | o
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  peek | 
  poll | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentSkipListMap
 Methods: 48
  ceilingEntry | key
  ceilingKey | key
  clear | 
  clone | 
  comparator | 
  compute | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  computeIfAbsent | key, ? super K, mappingFunction
  computeIfPresent | key, ? super K,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  containsKey | key
  containsValue | value
  descendingKeySet | 
  descendingMap | 
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  firstEntry | 
  firstKey | 
  floorEntry | key
  floorKey | key
  forEach | ? super K, action
  get | key
  getOrDefault | key, defaultValue
  headMap | toKey
  headMap | toKey, inclusive
  higherEntry | key
  higherKey | key
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  lastEntry | 
  lastKey | 
  lowerEntry | key
  lowerKey | key
  merge | key, value, ? super V,  ? super V, remappingFunction
  navigableKeySet | 
  pollFirstEntry | 
  pollLastEntry | 
  put | key, value
  putIfAbsent | key, value
  remove | key, value
  remove | key
  replace | key, oldValue, newValue
  replace | key, value
  replaceAll | ? super K,  ? super V, function
  size | 
  subMap | fromKey, toKey
  subMap | fromKey, fromInclusive, toKey, toInclusive
  tailMap | fromKey, inclusive
  tailMap | fromKey
  values | 
java.util.concurrent.ConcurrentSkipListSet
 Methods: 28
  add | e
  ceiling | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  comparator | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  descendingSet | 
  equals | o
  first | 
  floor | e
  headSet | toElement, inclusive
  headSet | toElement
  higher | e
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  last | 
  lower | e
  pollFirst | 
  pollLast | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  subSet | fromElement, fromInclusive, toElement, toInclusive
  subSet | fromElement, toElement
  tailSet | fromElement, inclusive
  tailSet | fromElement
java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArrayList
 Methods: 36
  add | e
  add | index, element
  addAll | c
  addAll | index, c
  addAllAbsent | c
  addIfAbsent | e
  clear | 
  clone | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  forEach | action
  get | index
  hashCode | 
  indexOf | e, index
  indexOf | o
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  lastIndexOf | o
  lastIndexOf | e, index
  listIterator | index
  listIterator | 
  remove | index
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  removeIf | filter
  replaceAll | operator
  retainAll | c
  set | index, element
  size | 
  sort | c
  spliterator | 
  subList | fromIndex, toIndex
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.CopyOnWriteArraySet
 Methods: 17
  add | e
  addAll | c
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  equals | o
  forEach | action
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  removeIf | filter
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
java.util.concurrent.CountDownLatch
 Methods: 5
  await | 
  await | timeout, unit
  countDown | 
  getCount | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.CountedCompleter
 Methods: 18
  addToPendingCount | delta
  compareAndSetPendingCount | expected, count
  complete | rawResult
  compute | 
  decrementPendingCountUnlessZero | 
  firstComplete | 
  getCompleter | 
  getPendingCount | 
  getRawResult | 
  getRoot | 
  helpComplete | maxTasks
  nextComplete | 
  onCompletion | caller
  onExceptionalCompletion | ex, caller
  propagateCompletion | 
  quietlyCompleteRoot | 
  setPendingCount | count
  tryComplete | 
java.util.concurrent.CyclicBarrier
 Methods: 6
  await | 
  await | timeout, unit
  getNumberWaiting | 
  getParties | 
  isBroken | 
  reset | 
java.util.concurrent.DelayQueue
 Methods: 17
  add | e
  clear | 
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  take | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
java.util.concurrent.Exchanger
 Methods: 2
  exchange | x, timeout, unit
  exchange | x
java.util.concurrent.ExecutorCompletionService
 Methods: 5
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  submit | task, result
  submit | task
  take | 
java.util.concurrent.Executors
 Methods: 22
  callable | task
  callable | action
  callable | action
  callable | task, result
  defaultThreadFactory | 
  newCachedThreadPool | 
  newCachedThreadPool | threadFactory
  newFixedThreadPool | nThreads, threadFactory
  newFixedThreadPool | nThreads
  newScheduledThreadPool | corePoolSize
  newScheduledThreadPool | corePoolSize, threadFactory
  newSingleThreadExecutor | threadFactory
  newSingleThreadExecutor | 
  newSingleThreadScheduledExecutor | 
  newSingleThreadScheduledExecutor | threadFactory
  newWorkStealingPool | parallelism
  newWorkStealingPool | 
  privilegedCallable | callable
  privilegedCallableUsingCurrentClassLoader | callable
  privilegedThreadFactory | 
  unconfigurableExecutorService | executor
  unconfigurableScheduledExecutorService | executor
java.util.concurrent.ForkJoinPool
 Methods: 31
  awaitQuiescence | timeout, unit
  awaitTermination | timeout, unit
  commonPool | 
  execute | task
  execute | task
  getActiveThreadCount | 
  getAsyncMode | 
  getCommonPoolParallelism | 
  getFactory | 
  getParallelism | 
  getPoolSize | 
  getQueuedSubmissionCount | 
  getQueuedTaskCount | 
  getRunningThreadCount | 
  getStealCount | 
  getUncaughtExceptionHandler | 
  hasQueuedSubmissions | 
  invoke | task
  invokeAll | tasks
  isQuiescent | 
  isShutdown | 
  isTerminated | 
  isTerminating | 
  managedBlock | blocker
  shutdown | 
  shutdownNow | 
  submit | task
  submit | task
  submit | task
  submit | task, result
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ForkJoinTask
 Methods: 33
  adapt | runnable, result
  adapt | runnable
  adapt | callable
  cancel | mayInterruptIfRunning
  compareAndSetForkJoinTaskTag | expect, update
  complete | value
  completeExceptionally | ex
  fork | 
  get | timeout, unit
  get | 
  getException | 
  getForkJoinTaskTag | 
  getPool | 
  getQueuedTaskCount | 
  getRawResult | 
  getSurplusQueuedTaskCount | 
  helpQuiesce | 
  inForkJoinPool | 
  invoke | 
  invokeAll | tasks
  invokeAll | t1, t2
  invokeAll | tasks
  isCancelled | 
  isCompletedAbnormally | 
  isCompletedNormally | 
  isDone | 
  join | 
  quietlyComplete | 
  quietlyInvoke | 
  quietlyJoin | 
  reinitialize | 
  setForkJoinTaskTag | newValue
  tryUnfork | 
java.util.concurrent.ForkJoinWorkerThread
 Methods: 3
  getPool | 
  getPoolIndex | 
  run | 
java.util.concurrent.FutureTask
 Methods: 6
  cancel | mayInterruptIfRunning
  get | timeout, unit
  get | 
  isCancelled | 
  isDone | 
  run | 
java.util.concurrent.LinkedBlockingDeque
 Methods: 47
  add | e
  addFirst | e
  addLast | e
  clear | 
  contains | o
  descendingIterator | 
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  element | 
  getFirst | 
  getLast | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  offer | e
  offerFirst | e
  offerFirst | e, timeout, unit
  offerLast | e
  offerLast | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  peekFirst | 
  peekLast | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  pollFirst | 
  pollFirst | timeout, unit
  pollLast | timeout, unit
  pollLast | 
  pop | 
  push | e
  put | e
  putFirst | e
  putLast | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | 
  remove | o
  removeFirst | 
  removeFirstOccurrence | o
  removeLast | 
  removeLastOccurrence | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  takeFirst | 
  takeLast | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.LinkedBlockingQueue
 Methods: 19
  clear | 
  contains | o
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.LinkedTransferQueue
 Methods: 25
  add | e
  contains | o
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  getWaitingConsumerCount | 
  hasWaitingConsumer | 
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  offer | e
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | a
  toString | 
  transfer | e
  tryTransfer | e
  tryTransfer | e, timeout, unit
java.util.concurrent.Phaser
 Methods: 17
  arrive | 
  arriveAndAwaitAdvance | 
  arriveAndDeregister | 
  awaitAdvance | phase
  awaitAdvanceInterruptibly | phase
  awaitAdvanceInterruptibly | phase, timeout, unit
  bulkRegister | parties
  forceTermination | 
  getArrivedParties | 
  getParent | 
  getPhase | 
  getRegisteredParties | 
  getRoot | 
  getUnarrivedParties | 
  isTerminated | 
  register | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.PriorityBlockingQueue
 Methods: 21
  add | e
  clear | 
  comparator | 
  contains | o
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.RecursiveAction
 Methods: 1
  getRawResult | 
java.util.concurrent.RecursiveTask
 Methods: 1
  getRawResult | 
java.util.concurrent.ScheduledThreadPoolExecutor
 Methods: 17
  execute | command
  getContinueExistingPeriodicTasksAfterShutdownPolicy | 
  getExecuteExistingDelayedTasksAfterShutdownPolicy | 
  getQueue | 
  getRemoveOnCancelPolicy | 
  schedule | callable, delay, unit
  schedule | command, delay, unit
  scheduleAtFixedRate | command, initialDelay, period, unit
  scheduleWithFixedDelay | command, initialDelay, delay, unit
  setContinueExistingPeriodicTasksAfterShutdownPolicy | value
  setExecuteExistingDelayedTasksAfterShutdownPolicy | value
  setRemoveOnCancelPolicy | value
  shutdown | 
  shutdownNow | 
  submit | task
  submit | task
  submit | task, result
java.util.concurrent.Semaphore
 Methods: 16
  acquire | 
  acquire | permits
  acquireUninterruptibly | permits
  acquireUninterruptibly | 
  availablePermits | 
  drainPermits | 
  getQueueLength | 
  hasQueuedThreads | 
  isFair | 
  release | permits
  release | 
  toString | 
  tryAcquire | timeout, unit
  tryAcquire | permits, timeout, unit
  tryAcquire | 
  tryAcquire | permits
java.util.concurrent.SynchronousQueue
 Methods: 23
  clear | 
  contains | o
  containsAll | c
  drainTo | c, maxElements
  drainTo | c
  isEmpty | 
  iterator | 
  offer | e
  offer | e, timeout, unit
  peek | 
  poll | timeout, unit
  poll | 
  put | e
  remainingCapacity | 
  remove | o
  removeAll | c
  retainAll | c
  size | 
  spliterator | 
  take | 
  toArray | a
  toArray | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ThreadLocalRandom
 Methods: 26
  current | 
  doubles | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  doubles | streamSize
  doubles | 
  doubles | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | streamSize
  ints | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  ints | 
  ints | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  longs | streamSize
  longs | 
  longs | randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  longs | streamSize, randomNumberOrigin, randomNumberBound
  nextBoolean | 
  nextDouble | 
  nextDouble | bound
  nextDouble | origin, bound
  nextFloat | 
  nextGaussian | 
  nextInt | origin, bound
  nextInt | 
  nextInt | bound
  nextLong | origin, bound
  nextLong | bound
  nextLong | 
  setSeed | seed
java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor
 Methods: 30
  allowCoreThreadTimeOut | value
  allowsCoreThreadTimeOut | 
  awaitTermination | timeout, unit
  execute | command
  getActiveCount | 
  getCompletedTaskCount | 
  getCorePoolSize | 
  getKeepAliveTime | unit
  getLargestPoolSize | 
  getMaximumPoolSize | 
  getPoolSize | 
  getQueue | 
  getRejectedExecutionHandler | 
  getTaskCount | 
  getThreadFactory | 
  isShutdown | 
  isTerminated | 
  isTerminating | 
  prestartAllCoreThreads | 
  prestartCoreThread | 
  purge | 
  remove | task
  setCorePoolSize | corePoolSize
  setKeepAliveTime | time, unit
  setMaximumPoolSize | maximumPoolSize
  setRejectedExecutionHandler | handler
  setThreadFactory | threadFactory
  shutdown | 
  shutdownNow | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$AbortPolicy
 Methods: 1
  rejectedExecution | r, e
java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$CallerRunsPolicy
 Methods: 1
  rejectedExecution | r, e
java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$DiscardOldestPolicy
 Methods: 1
  rejectedExecution | r, e
java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$DiscardPolicy
 Methods: 1
  rejectedExecution | r, e
java.util.concurrent.TimeUnit
 Methods: 13
  convert | sourceDuration, sourceUnit
  sleep | timeout
  timedJoin | thread, timeout
  timedWait | obj, timeout
  toDays | duration
  toHours | duration
  toMicros | duration
  toMillis | duration
  toMinutes | duration
  toNanos | duration
  toSeconds | duration
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.util.concurrent.BrokenBarrierException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.CancellationException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.CompletionException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.RejectedExecutionException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.TimeoutException
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicBoolean
 Methods: 7
  compareAndSet | expect, update
  get | 
  getAndSet | newValue
  lazySet | newValue
  set | newValue
  toString | 
  weakCompareAndSet | expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicInteger
 Methods: 21
  accumulateAndGet | x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | delta
  compareAndSet | expect, update
  decrementAndGet | 
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  get | 
  getAndAccumulate | x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | delta
  getAndDecrement | 
  getAndIncrement | 
  getAndSet | newValue
  getAndUpdate | updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | 
  intValue | 
  lazySet | newValue
  longValue | 
  set | newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicIntegerArray
 Methods: 18
  accumulateAndGet | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | i, delta
  compareAndSet | i, expect, update
  decrementAndGet | i
  get | i
  getAndAccumulate | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | i, delta
  getAndDecrement | i
  getAndIncrement | i
  getAndSet | i, newValue
  getAndUpdate | i, updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | i
  lazySet | i, newValue
  length | 
  set | i, newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | i, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | i, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicIntegerFieldUpdater
 Methods: 17
  accumulateAndGet | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | obj, delta
  compareAndSet | obj, expect, update
  decrementAndGet | obj
  get | obj
  getAndAccumulate | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | obj, delta
  getAndDecrement | obj
  getAndIncrement | obj
  getAndSet | obj, newValue
  getAndUpdate | obj, updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | obj
  lazySet | obj, newValue
  newUpdater | tclass, fieldName
  set | obj, newValue
  updateAndGet | obj, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | obj, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLong
 Methods: 21
  accumulateAndGet | x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | delta
  compareAndSet | expect, update
  decrementAndGet | 
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  get | 
  getAndAccumulate | x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | delta
  getAndDecrement | 
  getAndIncrement | 
  getAndSet | newValue
  getAndUpdate | updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | 
  intValue | 
  lazySet | newValue
  longValue | 
  set | newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLongArray
 Methods: 18
  accumulateAndGet | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | i, delta
  compareAndSet | i, expect, update
  decrementAndGet | i
  get | i
  getAndAccumulate | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | i, delta
  getAndDecrement | i
  getAndIncrement | i
  getAndSet | i, newValue
  getAndUpdate | i, updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | i
  lazySet | i, newValue
  length | 
  set | i, newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | i, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | i, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicLongFieldUpdater
 Methods: 17
  accumulateAndGet | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  addAndGet | obj, delta
  compareAndSet | obj, expect, update
  decrementAndGet | obj
  get | obj
  getAndAccumulate | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndAdd | obj, delta
  getAndDecrement | obj
  getAndIncrement | obj
  getAndSet | obj, newValue
  getAndUpdate | obj, updateFunction
  incrementAndGet | obj
  lazySet | obj, newValue
  newUpdater | tclass, fieldName
  set | obj, newValue
  updateAndGet | obj, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | obj, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicMarkableReference
 Methods: 7
  attemptMark | expectedReference, newMark
  compareAndSet | expectedReference, newReference, expectedMark, newMark
  get | markHolder
  getReference | 
  isMarked | 
  set | newReference, newMark
  weakCompareAndSet | expectedReference, newReference, expectedMark, newMark
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReference
 Methods: 11
  accumulateAndGet | x, accumulatorFunction
  compareAndSet | expect, update
  get | 
  getAndAccumulate | x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndSet | newValue
  getAndUpdate | updateFunction
  lazySet | newValue
  set | newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceArray
 Methods: 12
  accumulateAndGet | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  compareAndSet | i, expect, update
  get | i
  getAndAccumulate | i, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndSet | i, newValue
  getAndUpdate | i, updateFunction
  lazySet | i, newValue
  length | 
  set | i, newValue
  toString | 
  updateAndGet | i, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | i, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicReferenceFieldUpdater
 Methods: 11
  accumulateAndGet | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  compareAndSet | obj, expect, update
  get | obj
  getAndAccumulate | obj, x, accumulatorFunction
  getAndSet | obj, newValue
  getAndUpdate | obj, updateFunction
  lazySet | obj, newValue
  newUpdater | tclass, vclass, fieldName
  set | obj, newValue
  updateAndGet | obj, updateFunction
  weakCompareAndSet | obj, expect, update
java.util.concurrent.atomic.AtomicStampedReference
 Methods: 7
  attemptStamp | expectedReference, newStamp
  compareAndSet | expectedReference, newReference, expectedStamp, newStamp
  get | stampHolder
  getReference | 
  getStamp | 
  set | newReference, newStamp
  weakCompareAndSet | expectedReference, newReference, expectedStamp, newStamp
java.util.concurrent.atomic.DoubleAccumulator
 Methods: 9
  accumulate | x
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  get | 
  getThenReset | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  reset | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.atomic.DoubleAdder
 Methods: 9
  add | x
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  reset | 
  sum | 
  sumThenReset | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.atomic.LongAccumulator
 Methods: 9
  accumulate | x
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  get | 
  getThenReset | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  reset | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.atomic.LongAdder
 Methods: 11
  add | x
  decrement | 
  doubleValue | 
  floatValue | 
  increment | 
  intValue | 
  longValue | 
  reset | 
  sum | 
  sumThenReset | 
  toString | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.Condition
 Methods: 7
  await | 
  await | time, unit
  awaitNanos | nanosTimeout
  awaitUninterruptibly | 
  awaitUntil | deadline
  signal | 
  signalAll | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.Lock
 Methods: 6
  lock | 
  lockInterruptibly | 
  newCondition | 
  tryLock | 
  tryLock | time, unit
  unlock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.ReadWriteLock
 Methods: 2
  readLock | 
  writeLock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.AbstractOwnableSynchronizer
 Methods: 0
java.util.concurrent.locks.AbstractQueuedLongSynchronizer
 Methods: 22
  acquire | arg
  acquireInterruptibly | arg
  acquireShared | arg
  acquireSharedInterruptibly | arg
  getExclusiveQueuedThreads | 
  getFirstQueuedThread | 
  getQueueLength | 
  getQueuedThreads | 
  getSharedQueuedThreads | 
  getWaitQueueLength | condition
  getWaitingThreads | condition
  hasContended | 
  hasQueuedPredecessors | 
  hasQueuedThreads | 
  hasWaiters | condition
  isQueued | thread
  owns | condition
  release | arg
  releaseShared | arg
  toString | 
  tryAcquireNanos | arg, nanosTimeout
  tryAcquireSharedNanos | arg, nanosTimeout
java.util.concurrent.locks.AbstractQueuedLongSynchronizer$ConditionObject
 Methods: 7
  await | 
  await | time, unit
  awaitNanos | nanosTimeout
  awaitUninterruptibly | 
  awaitUntil | deadline
  signal | 
  signalAll | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.AbstractQueuedSynchronizer
 Methods: 22
  acquire | arg
  acquireInterruptibly | arg
  acquireShared | arg
  acquireSharedInterruptibly | arg
  getExclusiveQueuedThreads | 
  getFirstQueuedThread | 
  getQueueLength | 
  getQueuedThreads | 
  getSharedQueuedThreads | 
  getWaitQueueLength | condition
  getWaitingThreads | condition
  hasContended | 
  hasQueuedPredecessors | 
  hasQueuedThreads | 
  hasWaiters | condition
  isQueued | thread
  owns | condition
  release | arg
  releaseShared | arg
  toString | 
  tryAcquireNanos | arg, nanosTimeout
  tryAcquireSharedNanos | arg, nanosTimeout
java.util.concurrent.locks.AbstractQueuedSynchronizer$ConditionObject
 Methods: 7
  await | 
  await | time, unit
  awaitNanos | nanosTimeout
  awaitUninterruptibly | 
  awaitUntil | deadline
  signal | 
  signalAll | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.LockSupport
 Methods: 8
  getBlocker | t
  park | 
  park | blocker
  parkNanos | blocker, nanos
  parkNanos | nanos
  parkUntil | blocker, deadline
  parkUntil | deadline
  unpark | thread
java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantLock
 Methods: 16
  getHoldCount | 
  getQueueLength | 
  getWaitQueueLength | condition
  hasQueuedThread | thread
  hasQueuedThreads | 
  hasWaiters | condition
  isFair | 
  isHeldByCurrentThread | 
  isLocked | 
  lock | 
  lockInterruptibly | 
  newCondition | 
  toString | 
  tryLock | 
  tryLock | timeout, unit
  unlock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock
 Methods: 14
  getQueueLength | 
  getReadHoldCount | 
  getReadLockCount | 
  getWaitQueueLength | condition
  getWriteHoldCount | 
  hasQueuedThread | thread
  hasQueuedThreads | 
  hasWaiters | condition
  isFair | 
  isWriteLocked | 
  isWriteLockedByCurrentThread | 
  readLock | 
  toString | 
  writeLock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock$ReadLock
 Methods: 7
  lock | 
  lockInterruptibly | 
  newCondition | 
  toString | 
  tryLock | 
  tryLock | timeout, unit
  unlock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.ReentrantReadWriteLock$WriteLock
 Methods: 9
  getHoldCount | 
  isHeldByCurrentThread | 
  lock | 
  lockInterruptibly | 
  newCondition | 
  toString | 
  tryLock | 
  tryLock | timeout, unit
  unlock | 
java.util.concurrent.locks.StampedLock
 Methods: 25
  asReadLock | 
  asReadWriteLock | 
  asWriteLock | 
  getReadLockCount | 
  isReadLocked | 
  isWriteLocked | 
  readLock | 
  readLockInterruptibly | 
  toString | 
  tryConvertToOptimisticRead | stamp
  tryConvertToReadLock | stamp
  tryConvertToWriteLock | stamp
  tryOptimisticRead | 
  tryReadLock | 
  tryReadLock | time, unit
  tryUnlockRead | 
  tryUnlockWrite | 
  tryWriteLock | 
  tryWriteLock | time, unit
  unlock | stamp
  unlockRead | stamp
  unlockWrite | stamp
  validate | stamp
  writeLock | 
  writeLockInterruptibly | 
java.util.function.BiConsumer
 Methods: 2
  accept | t, u
  andThen | ? super T, after
java.util.function.BiFunction
 Methods: 2
  andThen | ? super R, after
  apply | t, u
java.util.function.BinaryOperator
 Methods: 2
  maxBy | comparator
  minBy | comparator
java.util.function.BiPredicate
 Methods: 4
  and | ? super T, other
  negate | 
  or | ? super T, other
  test | t, u
java.util.function.BooleanSupplier
 Methods: 1
  getAsBoolean | 
java.util.function.Consumer
 Methods: 2
  accept | t
  andThen | after
java.util.function.DoubleBinaryOperator
 Methods: 1
  applyAsDouble | left, right
java.util.function.DoubleConsumer
 Methods: 2
  accept | value
  andThen | after
java.util.function.DoubleFunction
 Methods: 1
  apply | value
java.util.function.DoublePredicate
 Methods: 4
  and | other
  negate | 
  or | other
  test | value
java.util.function.DoubleSupplier
 Methods: 1
  getAsDouble | 
java.util.function.DoubleToIntFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsInt | value
java.util.function.DoubleToLongFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsLong | value
java.util.function.DoubleUnaryOperator
 Methods: 4
  andThen | after
  applyAsDouble | operand
  compose | before
  identity | 
java.util.function.Function
 Methods: 4
  andThen | ? super R, after
  apply | t
  compose | ? super V, before
  identity | 
java.util.function.IntBinaryOperator
 Methods: 1
  applyAsInt | left, right
java.util.function.IntConsumer
 Methods: 2
  accept | value
  andThen | after
java.util.function.IntFunction
 Methods: 1
  apply | value
java.util.function.IntPredicate
 Methods: 4
  and | other
  negate | 
  or | other
  test | value
java.util.function.IntSupplier
 Methods: 1
  getAsInt | 
java.util.function.IntToDoubleFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsDouble | value
java.util.function.IntToLongFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsLong | value
java.util.function.IntUnaryOperator
 Methods: 4
  andThen | after
  applyAsInt | operand
  compose | before
  identity | 
java.util.function.LongBinaryOperator
 Methods: 1
  applyAsLong | left, right
java.util.function.LongConsumer
 Methods: 2
  accept | value
  andThen | after
java.util.function.LongFunction
 Methods: 1
  apply | value
java.util.function.LongPredicate
 Methods: 4
  and | other
  negate | 
  or | other
  test | value
java.util.function.LongSupplier
 Methods: 1
  getAsLong | 
java.util.function.LongToDoubleFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsDouble | value
java.util.function.LongToIntFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsInt | value
java.util.function.LongUnaryOperator
 Methods: 4
  andThen | after
  applyAsLong | operand
  compose | before
  identity | 
java.util.function.ObjDoubleConsumer
 Methods: 1
  accept | t, value
java.util.function.ObjIntConsumer
 Methods: 1
  accept | t, value
java.util.function.ObjLongConsumer
 Methods: 1
  accept | t, value
java.util.function.Predicate
 Methods: 5
  and | other
  isEqual | targetRef
  negate | 
  or | other
  test | t
java.util.function.Supplier
 Methods: 1
  get | 
java.util.function.ToDoubleBiFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsDouble | t, u
java.util.function.ToDoubleFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsDouble | value
java.util.function.ToIntBiFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsInt | t, u
java.util.function.ToIntFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsInt | value
java.util.function.ToLongBiFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsLong | t, u
java.util.function.ToLongFunction
 Methods: 1
  applyAsLong | value
java.util.function.UnaryOperator
 Methods: 1
  identity | 
java.util.jar.Pack200$Packer
 Methods: 5
  addPropertyChangeListener | listener
  pack | in, out
  pack | in, out
  properties | 
  removePropertyChangeListener | listener
java.util.jar.Pack200$Unpacker
 Methods: 5
  addPropertyChangeListener | listener
  properties | 
  removePropertyChangeListener | listener
  unpack | in, out
  unpack | in, out
java.util.jar.Attributes
 Methods: 18
  clear | 
  clone | 
  containsKey | name
  containsValue | value
  entrySet | 
  equals | o
  get | name
  getValue | name
  getValue | name
  hashCode | 
  isEmpty | 
  keySet | 
  put | name, value
  putAll | ?, attr
  putValue | name, value
  remove | name
  size | 
  values | 
java.util.jar.Attributes$Name
 Methods: 3
  equals | o
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
java.util.jar.JarEntry
 Methods: 3
  getAttributes | 
  getCertificates | 
  getCodeSigners | 
java.util.jar.JarFile
 Methods: 6
  entries | 
  getEntry | name
  getInputStream | ze
  getJarEntry | name
  getManifest | 
  stream | 
java.util.jar.JarInputStream
 Methods: 4
  getManifest | 
  getNextEntry | 
  getNextJarEntry | 
  read | b, off, len
java.util.jar.JarOutputStream
 Methods: 1
  putNextEntry | ze
java.util.jar.Manifest
 Methods: 9
  clear | 
  clone | 
  equals | o
  getAttributes | name
  getEntries | 
  getMainAttributes | 
  hashCode | 
  read | is
  write | out
java.util.jar.Pack200
 Methods: 2
  newPacker | 
  newUnpacker | 
java.util.jar.JarException
 Methods: 0
java.util.logging.Filter
 Methods: 1
  isLoggable | record
java.util.logging.LoggingMXBean
 Methods: 4
  getLoggerLevel | loggerName
  getLoggerNames | 
  getParentLoggerName | loggerName
  setLoggerLevel | loggerName, levelName
java.util.logging.ConsoleHandler
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  publish | record
java.util.logging.ErrorManager
 Methods: 1
  error | msg, ex, code
java.util.logging.FileHandler
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  publish | record
java.util.logging.Formatter
 Methods: 4
  format | record
  formatMessage | record
  getHead | h
  getTail | h
java.util.logging.Handler
 Methods: 14
  close | 
  flush | 
  getEncoding | 
  getErrorManager | 
  getFilter | 
  getFormatter | 
  getLevel | 
  isLoggable | record
  publish | record
  setEncoding | encoding
  setErrorManager | em
  setFilter | newFilter
  setFormatter | newFormatter
  setLevel | newLevel
java.util.logging.Level
 Methods: 8
  equals | ox
  getLocalizedName | 
  getName | 
  getResourceBundleName | 
  hashCode | 
  intValue | 
  parse | name
  toString | 
java.util.logging.Logger
 Methods: 60
  addHandler | handler
  config | msg
  config | msgSupplier
  entering | sourceClass, sourceMethod, params
  entering | sourceClass, sourceMethod, param1
  entering | sourceClass, sourceMethod
  exiting | sourceClass, sourceMethod, result
  exiting | sourceClass, sourceMethod
  fine | msg
  fine | msgSupplier
  finer | msgSupplier
  finer | msg
  finest | msg
  finest | msgSupplier
  getAnonymousLogger | resourceBundleName
  getAnonymousLogger | 
  getFilter | 
  getGlobal | 
  getHandlers | 
  getLevel | 
  getLogger | name, resourceBundleName
  getLogger | name
  getName | 
  getParent | 
  getResourceBundle | 
  getResourceBundleName | 
  getUseParentHandlers | 
  info | msgSupplier
  info | msg
  isLoggable | level
  log | level, thrown, msgSupplier
  log | level, msg, params
  log | level, msg
  log | level, msgSupplier
  log | record
  log | level, msg, thrown
  log | level, msg, param1
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, msg, thrown
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, msg, params
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, msg
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, thrown, msgSupplier
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, msgSupplier
  logp | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, msg, param1
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundleName, msg
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundle, msg, thrown
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundleName, msg, thrown
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundle, msg, params
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundleName, msg, param1
  logrb | level, sourceClass, sourceMethod, bundleName, msg, params
  removeHandler | handler
  setFilter | newFilter
  setLevel | newLevel
  setParent | parent
  setResourceBundle | bundle
  setUseParentHandlers | useParentHandlers
  severe | msgSupplier
  severe | msg
  throwing | sourceClass, sourceMethod, thrown
  warning | msgSupplier
  warning | msg
java.util.logging.LoggingPermission
 Methods: 0
java.util.logging.LogManager
 Methods: 12
  addLogger | logger
  addPropertyChangeListener | l
  checkAccess | 
  getLogManager | 
  getLogger | name
  getLoggerNames | 
  getLoggingMXBean | 
  getProperty | name
  readConfiguration | 
  readConfiguration | ins
  removePropertyChangeListener | l
  reset | 
java.util.logging.LogRecord
 Methods: 24
  getLevel | 
  getLoggerName | 
  getMessage | 
  getMillis | 
  getParameters | 
  getResourceBundle | 
  getResourceBundleName | 
  getSequenceNumber | 
  getSourceClassName | 
  getSourceMethodName | 
  getThreadID | 
  getThrown | 
  setLevel | level
  setLoggerName | name
  setMessage | message
  setMillis | millis
  setParameters | parameters
  setResourceBundle | bundle
  setResourceBundleName | name
  setSequenceNumber | seq
  setSourceClassName | sourceClassName
  setSourceMethodName | sourceMethodName
  setThreadID | threadID
  setThrown | thrown
java.util.logging.MemoryHandler
 Methods: 7
  close | 
  flush | 
  getPushLevel | 
  isLoggable | record
  publish | record
  push | 
  setPushLevel | newLevel
java.util.logging.SimpleFormatter
 Methods: 1
  format | record
java.util.logging.SocketHandler
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  publish | record
java.util.logging.StreamHandler
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  flush | 
  isLoggable | record
  publish | record
  setEncoding | encoding
java.util.logging.XMLFormatter
 Methods: 3
  format | record
  getHead | h
  getTail | h
java.util.prefs.NodeChangeListener
 Methods: 2
  childAdded | evt
  childRemoved | evt
java.util.prefs.PreferenceChangeListener
 Methods: 1
  preferenceChange | evt
java.util.prefs.PreferencesFactory
 Methods: 2
  systemRoot | 
  userRoot | 
java.util.prefs.AbstractPreferences
 Methods: 34
  absolutePath | 
  addNodeChangeListener | ncl
  addPreferenceChangeListener | pcl
  childrenNames | 
  clear | 
  exportNode | os
  exportSubtree | os
  flush | 
  get | key, def
  getBoolean | key, def
  getByteArray | key, def
  getDouble | key, def
  getFloat | key, def
  getInt | key, def
  getLong | key, def
  isUserNode | 
  keys | 
  name | 
  node | path
  nodeExists | path
  parent | 
  put | key, value
  putBoolean | key, value
  putByteArray | key, value
  putDouble | key, value
  putFloat | key, value
  putInt | key, value
  putLong | key, value
  remove | key
  removeNode | 
  removeNodeChangeListener | ncl
  removePreferenceChangeListener | pcl
  sync | 
  toString | 
java.util.prefs.NodeChangeEvent
 Methods: 2
  getChild | 
  getParent | 
java.util.prefs.PreferenceChangeEvent
 Methods: 3
  getKey | 
  getNewValue | 
  getNode | 
java.util.prefs.Preferences
 Methods: 39
  absolutePath | 
  addNodeChangeListener | ncl
  addPreferenceChangeListener | pcl
  childrenNames | 
  clear | 
  exportNode | os
  exportSubtree | os
  flush | 
  get | key, def
  getBoolean | key, def
  getByteArray | key, def
  getDouble | key, def
  getFloat | key, def
  getInt | key, def
  getLong | key, def
  importPreferences | is
  isUserNode | 
  keys | 
  name | 
  node | pathName
  nodeExists | pathName
  parent | 
  put | key, value
  putBoolean | key, value
  putByteArray | key, value
  putDouble | key, value
  putFloat | key, value
  putInt | key, value
  putLong | key, value
  remove | key
  removeNode | 
  removeNodeChangeListener | ncl
  removePreferenceChangeListener | pcl
  sync | 
  systemNodeForPackage | c
  systemRoot | 
  toString | 
  userNodeForPackage | c
  userRoot | 
java.util.prefs.BackingStoreException
 Methods: 0
java.util.prefs.InvalidPreferencesFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.util.regex.MatchResult
 Methods: 7
  end | group
  end | 
  group | group
  group | 
  groupCount | 
  start | 
  start | group
java.util.regex.Matcher
 Methods: 34
  appendReplacement | sb, replacement
  appendTail | sb
  end | group
  end | name
  end | 
  find | 
  find | start
  group | group
  group | name
  group | 
  groupCount | 
  hasAnchoringBounds | 
  hasTransparentBounds | 
  hitEnd | 
  lookingAt | 
  matches | 
  pattern | 
  quoteReplacement | s
  region | start, end
  regionEnd | 
  regionStart | 
  replaceAll | replacement
  replaceFirst | replacement
  requireEnd | 
  reset | input
  reset | 
  start | 
  start | group
  start | name
  toMatchResult | 
  toString | 
  useAnchoringBounds | value
  usePattern | newPattern
  useTransparentBounds | value
java.util.regex.Pattern
 Methods: 12
  asPredicate | 
  compile | regex
  compile | regex, flags
  flags | 
  matcher | input
  matches | regex, input
  pattern | 
  quote | s
  split | input, limit
  split | input
  splitAsStream | input
  toString | 
java.util.regex.PatternSyntaxException
 Methods: 4
  getDescription | 
  getIndex | 
  getMessage | 
  getPattern | 
java.util.stream.BaseStream
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  isParallel | 
  iterator | 
  onClose | closeHandler
  parallel | 
  sequential | 
  spliterator | 
  unordered | 
java.util.stream.Collector
 Methods: 7
  accumulator | 
  characteristics | 
  combiner | 
  finisher | 
  of | supplier, A, accumulator, combiner, A, finisher, characteristics
  of | supplier, R, accumulator, combiner, characteristics
  supplier | 
java.util.stream.DoubleStream
 Methods: 40
  allMatch | predicate
  anyMatch | predicate
  average | 
  boxed | 
  builder | 
  collect | supplier, accumulator, R, combiner
  concat | a, b
  count | 
  distinct | 
  empty | 
  filter | predicate
  findAny | 
  findFirst | 
  flatMap | mapper
  forEach | action
  forEachOrdered | action
  generate | s
  iterate | seed, f
  iterator | 
  limit | maxSize
  map | mapper
  mapToInt | mapper
  mapToLong | mapper
  mapToObj | mapper
  max | 
  min | 
  noneMatch | predicate
  of | values
  of | t
  parallel | 
  peek | action
  reduce | op
  reduce | identity, op
  sequential | 
  skip | n
  sorted | 
  spliterator | 
  sum | 
  summaryStatistics | 
  toArray | 
java.util.stream.DoubleStream$Builder
 Methods: 3
  accept | t
  add | t
  build | 
java.util.stream.IntStream
 Methods: 44
  allMatch | predicate
  anyMatch | predicate
  asDoubleStream | 
  asLongStream | 
  average | 
  boxed | 
  builder | 
  collect | supplier, accumulator, R, combiner
  concat | a, b
  count | 
  distinct | 
  empty | 
  filter | predicate
  findAny | 
  findFirst | 
  flatMap | mapper
  forEach | action
  forEachOrdered | action
  generate | s
  iterate | seed, f
  iterator | 
  limit | maxSize
  map | mapper
  mapToDouble | mapper
  mapToLong | mapper
  mapToObj | mapper
  max | 
  min | 
  noneMatch | predicate
  of | t
  of | values
  parallel | 
  peek | action
  range | startInclusive, endExclusive
  rangeClosed | startInclusive, endInclusive
  reduce | op
  reduce | identity, op
  sequential | 
  skip | n
  sorted | 
  spliterator | 
  sum | 
  summaryStatistics | 
  toArray | 
java.util.stream.IntStream$Builder
 Methods: 3
  accept | t
  add | t
  build | 
java.util.stream.LongStream
 Methods: 43
  allMatch | predicate
  anyMatch | predicate
  asDoubleStream | 
  average | 
  boxed | 
  builder | 
  collect | supplier, accumulator, R, combiner
  concat | a, b
  count | 
  distinct | 
  empty | 
  filter | predicate
  findAny | 
  findFirst | 
  flatMap | mapper
  forEach | action
  forEachOrdered | action
  generate | s
  iterate | seed, f
  iterator | 
  limit | maxSize
  map | mapper
  mapToDouble | mapper
  mapToInt | mapper
  mapToObj | mapper
  max | 
  min | 
  noneMatch | predicate
  of | values
  of | t
  parallel | 
  peek | action
  range | startInclusive, endExclusive
  rangeClosed | startInclusive, endInclusive
  reduce | op
  reduce | identity, op
  sequential | 
  skip | n
  sorted | 
  spliterator | 
  sum | 
  summaryStatistics | 
  toArray | 
java.util.stream.LongStream$Builder
 Methods: 3
  accept | t
  add | t
  build | 
java.util.stream.Stream
 Methods: 39
  allMatch | predicate
  anyMatch | predicate
  builder | 
  collect | ? super T,  A, collector
  collect | supplier, R, accumulator, R, combiner
  concat | a, b
  count | 
  distinct | 
  empty | 
  filter | predicate
  findAny | 
  findFirst | 
  flatMap | ? super T, mapper
  flatMapToDouble | ? super T, mapper
  flatMapToInt | ? super T, mapper
  flatMapToLong | ? super T, mapper
  forEach | action
  forEachOrdered | action
  generate | s
  iterate | seed, f
  limit | maxSize
  map | ? super T, mapper
  mapToDouble | mapper
  mapToInt | mapper
  mapToLong | mapper
  max | comparator
  min | comparator
  noneMatch | predicate
  of | t
  of | values
  peek | action
  reduce | identity, accumulator
  reduce | accumulator
  reduce | identity, U,  ? super T, accumulator, combiner
  skip | n
  sorted | comparator
  sorted | 
  toArray | 
  toArray | generator
java.util.stream.Stream$Builder
 Methods: 3
  accept | t
  add | t
  build | 
java.util.stream.Collectors
 Methods: 37
  averagingDouble | mapper
  averagingInt | mapper
  averagingLong | mapper
  collectingAndThen | T,  A, downstream, R, finisher
  counting | 
  groupingBy | ? super T, classifier
  groupingBy | ? super T, classifier, mapFactory, ? super T,  A, downstream
  groupingBy | ? super T, classifier, ? super T,  A, downstream
  groupingByConcurrent | ? super T, classifier, ? super T,  A, downstream
  groupingByConcurrent | ? super T, classifier
  groupingByConcurrent | ? super T, classifier, mapFactory, ? super T,  A, downstream
  joining | delimiter, prefix, suffix
  joining | delimiter
  joining | 
  mapping | ? super T, mapper, ? super U,  A, downstream
  maxBy | comparator
  minBy | comparator
  partitioningBy | predicate
  partitioningBy | predicate, ? super T,  A, downstream
  reducing | op
  reducing | identity, ? super T, mapper, op
  reducing | identity, op
  summarizingDouble | mapper
  summarizingInt | mapper
  summarizingLong | mapper
  summingDouble | mapper
  summingInt | mapper
  summingLong | mapper
  toCollection | collectionFactory
  toConcurrentMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper, mergeFunction, mapSupplier
  toConcurrentMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper, mergeFunction
  toConcurrentMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper
  toList | 
  toMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper, mergeFunction
  toMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper, mergeFunction, mapSupplier
  toMap | ? super T, keyMapper, ? super T, valueMapper
  toSet | 
java.util.stream.StreamSupport
 Methods: 8
  doubleStream | spliterator, parallel
  doubleStream | supplier, characteristics, parallel
  intStream | spliterator, parallel
  intStream | supplier, characteristics, parallel
  longStream | spliterator, parallel
  longStream | supplier, characteristics, parallel
  stream | spliterator, parallel
  stream | supplier, characteristics, parallel
java.util.stream.Collector$Characteristics
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
java.util.zip.Checksum
 Methods: 4
  getValue | 
  reset | 
  update | b, off, len
  update | b
java.util.zip.Adler32
 Methods: 6
  getValue | 
  reset | 
  update | b
  update | buffer
  update | b, off, len
  update | b
java.util.zip.CheckedInputStream
 Methods: 4
  getChecksum | 
  read | 
  read | buf, off, len
  skip | n
java.util.zip.CheckedOutputStream
 Methods: 3
  getChecksum | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.util.zip.CRC32
 Methods: 6
  getValue | 
  reset | 
  update | b
  update | buffer
  update | b, off, len
  update | b
java.util.zip.Deflater
 Methods: 19
  deflate | b, off, len
  deflate | b
  deflate | b, off, len, flush
  end | 
  finish | 
  finished | 
  getAdler | 
  getBytesRead | 
  getBytesWritten | 
  getTotalIn | 
  getTotalOut | 
  needsInput | 
  reset | 
  setDictionary | b, off, len
  setDictionary | b
  setInput | b, off, len
  setInput | b
  setLevel | level
  setStrategy | strategy
java.util.zip.DeflaterInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | limit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.util.zip.DeflaterOutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  finish | 
  flush | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.util.zip.GZIPInputStream
 Methods: 2
  close | 
  read | buf, off, len
java.util.zip.GZIPOutputStream
 Methods: 2
  finish | 
  write | buf, off, len
java.util.zip.Inflater
 Methods: 17
  end | 
  finished | 
  getAdler | 
  getBytesRead | 
  getBytesWritten | 
  getRemaining | 
  getTotalIn | 
  getTotalOut | 
  inflate | b
  inflate | b, off, len
  needsDictionary | 
  needsInput | 
  reset | 
  setDictionary | b, off, len
  setDictionary | b
  setInput | b, off, len
  setInput | b
java.util.zip.InflaterInputStream
 Methods: 8
  available | 
  close | 
  mark | readlimit
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  reset | 
  skip | n
java.util.zip.InflaterOutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  finish | 
  flush | 
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
java.util.zip.ZipEntry
 Methods: 25
  clone | 
  getComment | 
  getCompressedSize | 
  getCrc | 
  getCreationTime | 
  getExtra | 
  getLastAccessTime | 
  getLastModifiedTime | 
  getMethod | 
  getName | 
  getSize | 
  getTime | 
  hashCode | 
  isDirectory | 
  setComment | comment
  setCompressedSize | csize
  setCrc | crc
  setCreationTime | time
  setExtra | extra
  setLastAccessTime | time
  setLastModifiedTime | time
  setMethod | method
  setSize | size
  setTime | time
  toString | 
java.util.zip.ZipFile
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  entries | 
  getComment | 
  getEntry | name
  getInputStream | entry
  getName | 
  size | 
  stream | 
java.util.zip.ZipInputStream
 Methods: 6
  available | 
  close | 
  closeEntry | 
  getNextEntry | 
  read | b, off, len
  skip | n
java.util.zip.ZipOutputStream
 Methods: 8
  close | 
  closeEntry | 
  finish | 
  putNextEntry | e
  setComment | comment
  setLevel | level
  setMethod | method
  write | b, off, len
java.util.zip.DataFormatException
 Methods: 0
java.util.zip.ZipException
 Methods: 0
java.util.zip.ZipError
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.SecretKey
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.Cipher
 Methods: 37
  doFinal | input, inputOffset, inputLen, output
  doFinal | output, outputOffset
  doFinal | 
  doFinal | input
  doFinal | input, inputOffset, inputLen, output, outputOffset
  doFinal | input, output
  doFinal | input, inputOffset, inputLen
  getAlgorithm | 
  getBlockSize | 
  getExemptionMechanism | 
  getIV | 
  getInstance | transformation
  getInstance | transformation, provider
  getInstance | transformation, provider
  getMaxAllowedKeyLength | transformation
  getMaxAllowedParameterSpec | transformation
  getOutputSize | inputLen
  getParameters | 
  getProvider | 
  init | opmode, key, params
  init | opmode, certificate, random
  init | opmode, key, random
  init | opmode, key, params
  init | opmode, key
  init | opmode, key, params, random
  init | opmode, certificate
  init | opmode, key, params, random
  unwrap | wrappedKey, wrappedKeyAlgorithm, wrappedKeyType
  update | input
  update | input, inputOffset, inputLen, output
  update | input, inputOffset, inputLen
  update | input, output
  update | input, inputOffset, inputLen, output, outputOffset
  updateAAD | src, offset, len
  updateAAD | src
  updateAAD | src
  wrap | key
javax.crypto.CipherInputStream
 Methods: 7
  available | 
  close | 
  markSupported | 
  read | 
  read | b, off, len
  read | b
  skip | n
javax.crypto.CipherOutputStream
 Methods: 5
  close | 
  flush | 
  write | b
  write | b, off, len
  write | b
javax.crypto.CipherSpi
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.EncryptedPrivateKeyInfo
 Methods: 8
  getAlgName | 
  getAlgParameters | 
  getEncoded | 
  getEncryptedData | 
  getKeySpec | decryptKey
  getKeySpec | decryptKey, provider
  getKeySpec | decryptKey, providerName
  getKeySpec | cipher
javax.crypto.ExemptionMechanism
 Methods: 13
  genExemptionBlob | output
  genExemptionBlob | 
  genExemptionBlob | output, outputOffset
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getName | 
  getOutputSize | inputLen
  getProvider | 
  init | key, params
  init | key, params
  init | key
  isCryptoAllowed | key
javax.crypto.ExemptionMechanismSpi
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.KeyAgreement
 Methods: 13
  doPhase | key, lastPhase
  generateSecret | 
  generateSecret | sharedSecret, offset
  generateSecret | algorithm
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  init | key, params
  init | key, params, random
  init | key, random
  init | key
javax.crypto.KeyAgreementSpi
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.KeyGenerator
 Methods: 11
  generateKey | 
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  init | params, random
  init | random
  init | keysize
  init | keysize, random
  init | params
javax.crypto.KeyGeneratorSpi
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.Mac
 Methods: 17
  clone | 
  doFinal | input
  doFinal | output, outOffset
  doFinal | 
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getMacLength | 
  getProvider | 
  init | key, params
  init | key
  reset | 
  update | input
  update | input, offset, len
  update | input
  update | input
javax.crypto.MacSpi
 Methods: 1
  clone | 
javax.crypto.NullCipher
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.SealedObject
 Methods: 4
  getAlgorithm | 
  getObject | key, provider
  getObject | key
  getObject | c
javax.crypto.SecretKeyFactory
 Methods: 8
  generateSecret | keySpec
  getAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getKeySpec | key, keySpec
  getProvider | 
  translateKey | key
javax.crypto.SecretKeyFactorySpi
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.AEADBadTagException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.BadPaddingException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.ExemptionMechanismException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.IllegalBlockSizeException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.NoSuchPaddingException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.ShortBufferException
 Methods: 0
javax.crypto.interfaces.DHKey
 Methods: 1
  getParams | 
javax.crypto.interfaces.DHPrivateKey
 Methods: 1
  getX | 
javax.crypto.interfaces.DHPublicKey
 Methods: 1
  getY | 
javax.crypto.interfaces.PBEKey
 Methods: 3
  getIterationCount | 
  getPassword | 
  getSalt | 
javax.crypto.spec.DESedeKeySpec
 Methods: 2
  getKey | 
  isParityAdjusted | key, offset
javax.crypto.spec.DESKeySpec
 Methods: 3
  getKey | 
  isParityAdjusted | key, offset
  isWeak | key, offset
javax.crypto.spec.DHGenParameterSpec
 Methods: 2
  getExponentSize | 
  getPrimeSize | 
javax.crypto.spec.DHParameterSpec
 Methods: 3
  getG | 
  getL | 
  getP | 
javax.crypto.spec.DHPrivateKeySpec
 Methods: 3
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getX | 
javax.crypto.spec.DHPublicKeySpec
 Methods: 3
  getG | 
  getP | 
  getY | 
javax.crypto.spec.GCMParameterSpec
 Methods: 2
  getIV | 
  getTLen | 
javax.crypto.spec.IvParameterSpec
 Methods: 1
  getIV | 
javax.crypto.spec.OAEPParameterSpec
 Methods: 4
  getDigestAlgorithm | 
  getMGFAlgorithm | 
  getMGFParameters | 
  getPSource | 
javax.crypto.spec.PBEKeySpec
 Methods: 5
  clearPassword | 
  getIterationCount | 
  getKeyLength | 
  getPassword | 
  getSalt | 
javax.crypto.spec.PBEParameterSpec
 Methods: 3
  getIterationCount | 
  getParameterSpec | 
  getSalt | 
javax.crypto.spec.PSource
 Methods: 1
  getAlgorithm | 
javax.crypto.spec.PSource$PSpecified
 Methods: 1
  getValue | 
javax.crypto.spec.RC2ParameterSpec
 Methods: 4
  equals | obj
  getEffectiveKeyBits | 
  getIV | 
  hashCode | 
javax.crypto.spec.RC5ParameterSpec
 Methods: 6
  equals | obj
  getIV | 
  getRounds | 
  getVersion | 
  getWordSize | 
  hashCode | 
javax.crypto.spec.SecretKeySpec
 Methods: 5
  equals | obj
  getAlgorithm | 
  getEncoded | 
  getFormat | 
  hashCode | 
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL10
 Methods: 24
  eglChooseConfig | display, attrib_list, configs, config_size, num_config
  eglCopyBuffers | display, surface, native_pixmap
  eglCreateContext | display, config, share_context, attrib_list
  eglCreatePbufferSurface | display, config, attrib_list
  eglCreatePixmapSurface | display, config, native_pixmap, attrib_list
  eglCreateWindowSurface | display, config, native_window, attrib_list
  eglDestroyContext | display, context
  eglDestroySurface | display, surface
  eglGetConfigAttrib | display, config, attribute, value
  eglGetConfigs | display, configs, config_size, num_config
  eglGetCurrentContext | 
  eglGetCurrentDisplay | 
  eglGetCurrentSurface | readdraw
  eglGetDisplay | native_display
  eglGetError | 
  eglInitialize | display, major_minor
  eglMakeCurrent | display, draw, read, context
  eglQueryContext | display, context, attribute, value
  eglQueryString | display, name
  eglQuerySurface | display, surface, attribute, value
  eglSwapBuffers | display, surface
  eglTerminate | display
  eglWaitGL | 
  eglWaitNative | engine, bindTarget
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGL11
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLConfig
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLContext
 Methods: 2
  getEGL | 
  getGL | 
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLDisplay
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.egl.EGLSurface
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL
 Methods: 0
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10
 Methods: 123
  glActiveTexture | texture
  glAlphaFunc | func, ref
  glAlphaFuncx | func, ref
  glBindTexture | target, texture
  glBlendFunc | sfactor, dfactor
  glClear | mask
  glClearColor | red, green, blue, alpha
  glClearColorx | red, green, blue, alpha
  glClearDepthf | depth
  glClearDepthx | depth
  glClearStencil | s
  glClientActiveTexture | texture
  glColor4f | red, green, blue, alpha
  glColor4x | red, green, blue, alpha
  glColorMask | red, green, blue, alpha
  glColorPointer | size, type, stride, pointer
  glCompressedTexImage2D | target, level, internalformat, width, height, border, imageSize, data
  glCompressedTexSubImage2D | target, level, xoffset, yoffset, width, height, format, imageSize, data
  glCopyTexImage2D | target, level, internalformat, x, y, width, height, border
  glCopyTexSubImage2D | target, level, xoffset, yoffset, x, y, width, height
  glCullFace | mode
  glDeleteTextures | n, textures
  glDeleteTextures | n, textures, offset
  glDepthFunc | func
  glDepthMask | flag
  glDepthRangef | zNear, zFar
  glDepthRangex | zNear, zFar
  glDisable | cap
  glDisableClientState | array
  glDrawArrays | mode, first, count
  glDrawElements | mode, count, type, indices
  glEnable | cap
  glEnableClientState | array
  glFinish | 
  glFlush | 
  glFogf | pname, param
  glFogfv | pname, params
  glFogfv | pname, params, offset
  glFogx | pname, param
  glFogxv | pname, params, offset
  glFogxv | pname, params
  glFrontFace | mode
  glFrustumf | left, right, bottom, top, zNear, zFar
  glFrustumx | left, right, bottom, top, zNear, zFar
  glGenTextures | n, textures
  glGenTextures | n, textures, offset
  glGetError | 
  glGetIntegerv | pname, params, offset
  glGetIntegerv | pname, params
  glGetString | name
  glHint | target, mode
  glLightModelf | pname, param
  glLightModelfv | pname, params
  glLightModelfv | pname, params, offset
  glLightModelx | pname, param
  glLightModelxv | pname, params
  glLightModelxv | pname, params, offset
  glLightf | light, pname, param
  glLightfv | light, pname, params
  glLightfv | light, pname, params, offset
  glLightx | light, pname, param
  glLightxv | light, pname, params, offset
  glLightxv | light, pname, params
  glLineWidth | width
  glLineWidthx | width
  glLoadIdentity | 
  glLoadMatrixf | m
  glLoadMatrixf | m, offset
  glLoadMatrixx | m, offset
  glLoadMatrixx | m
  glLogicOp | opcode
  glMaterialf | face, pname, param
  glMaterialfv | face, pname, params
  glMaterialfv | face, pname, params, offset
  glMaterialx | face, pname, param
  glMaterialxv | face, pname, params, offset
  glMaterialxv | face, pname, params
  glMatrixMode | mode
  glMultMatrixf | m, offset
  glMultMatrixf | m
  glMultMatrixx | m, offset
  glMultMatrixx | m
  glMultiTexCoord4f | target, s, t, r, q
  glMultiTexCoord4x | target, s, t, r, q
  glNormal3f | nx, ny, nz
  glNormal3x | nx, ny, nz
  glNormalPointer | type, stride, pointer
  glOrthof | left, right, bottom, top, zNear, zFar
  glOrthox | left, right, bottom, top, zNear, zFar
  glPixelStorei | pname, param
  glPointSize | size
  glPointSizex | size
  glPolygonOffset | factor, units
  glPolygonOffsetx | factor, units
  glPopMatrix | 
  glPushMatrix | 
  glReadPixels | x, y, width, height, format, type, pixels
  glRotatef | angle, x, y, z
  glRotatex | angle, x, y, z
  glSampleCoverage | value, invert
  glSampleCoveragex | value, invert
  glScalef | x, y, z
  glScalex | x, y, z
  glScissor | x, y, width, height
  glShadeModel | mode
  glStencilFunc | func, ref, mask
  glStencilMask | mask
  glStencilOp | fail, zfail, zpass
  glTexCoordPointer | size, type, stride, pointer
  glTexEnvf | target, pname, param
  glTexEnvfv | target, pname, params
  glTexEnvfv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexEnvx | target, pname, param
  glTexEnvxv | target, pname, params
  glTexEnvxv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexImage2D | target, level, internalformat, width, height, border, format, type, pixels
  glTexParameterf | target, pname, param
  glTexParameterx | target, pname, param
  glTexSubImage2D | target, level, xoffset, yoffset, width, height, format, type, pixels
  glTranslatef | x, y, z
  glTranslatex | x, y, z
  glVertexPointer | size, type, stride, pointer
  glViewport | x, y, width, height
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL10Ext
 Methods: 2
  glQueryMatrixxOES | mantissa, mantissaOffset, exponent, exponentOffset
  glQueryMatrixxOES | mantissa, exponent
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL11
 Methods: 68
  glBindBuffer | target, buffer
  glBufferData | target, size, data, usage
  glBufferSubData | target, offset, size, data
  glClipPlanef | plane, equation, offset
  glClipPlanef | plane, equation
  glClipPlanex | plane, equation
  glClipPlanex | plane, equation, offset
  glColor4ub | red, green, blue, alpha
  glColorPointer | size, type, stride, offset
  glDeleteBuffers | n, buffers
  glDeleteBuffers | n, buffers, offset
  glDrawElements | mode, count, type, offset
  glGenBuffers | n, buffers, offset
  glGenBuffers | n, buffers
  glGetBooleanv | pname, params
  glGetBooleanv | pname, params, offset
  glGetBufferParameteriv | target, pname, params
  glGetBufferParameteriv | target, pname, params, offset
  glGetClipPlanef | pname, eqn, offset
  glGetClipPlanef | pname, eqn
  glGetClipPlanex | pname, eqn, offset
  glGetClipPlanex | pname, eqn
  glGetFixedv | pname, params, offset
  glGetFixedv | pname, params
  glGetFloatv | pname, params
  glGetFloatv | pname, params, offset
  glGetLightfv | light, pname, params, offset
  glGetLightfv | light, pname, params
  glGetLightxv | light, pname, params
  glGetLightxv | light, pname, params, offset
  glGetMaterialfv | face, pname, params, offset
  glGetMaterialfv | face, pname, params
  glGetMaterialxv | face, pname, params, offset
  glGetMaterialxv | face, pname, params
  glGetPointerv | pname, params
  glGetTexEnviv | env, pname, params
  glGetTexEnviv | env, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexEnvxv | env, pname, params
  glGetTexEnvxv | env, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexParameterfv | target, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexParameterfv | target, pname, params
  glGetTexParameteriv | target, pname, params
  glGetTexParameteriv | target, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexParameterxv | target, pname, params
  glGetTexParameterxv | target, pname, params, offset
  glIsBuffer | buffer
  glIsEnabled | cap
  glIsTexture | texture
  glNormalPointer | type, stride, offset
  glPointParameterf | pname, param
  glPointParameterfv | pname, params, offset
  glPointParameterfv | pname, params
  glPointParameterx | pname, param
  glPointParameterxv | pname, params
  glPointParameterxv | pname, params, offset
  glPointSizePointerOES | type, stride, pointer
  glTexCoordPointer | size, type, stride, offset
  glTexEnvi | target, pname, param
  glTexEnviv | target, pname, params
  glTexEnviv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexParameterfv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexParameterfv | target, pname, params
  glTexParameteri | target, pname, param
  glTexParameteriv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexParameteriv | target, pname, params
  glTexParameterxv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexParameterxv | target, pname, params
  glVertexPointer | size, type, stride, offset
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL11Ext
 Methods: 21
  glCurrentPaletteMatrixOES | matrixpaletteindex
  glDrawTexfOES | x, y, z, width, height
  glDrawTexfvOES | coords
  glDrawTexfvOES | coords, offset
  glDrawTexiOES | x, y, z, width, height
  glDrawTexivOES | coords, offset
  glDrawTexivOES | coords
  glDrawTexsOES | x, y, z, width, height
  glDrawTexsvOES | coords
  glDrawTexsvOES | coords, offset
  glDrawTexxOES | x, y, z, width, height
  glDrawTexxvOES | coords, offset
  glDrawTexxvOES | coords
  glEnable | cap
  glEnableClientState | array
  glLoadPaletteFromModelViewMatrixOES | 
  glMatrixIndexPointerOES | size, type, stride, pointer
  glMatrixIndexPointerOES | size, type, stride, offset
  glTexParameterfv | target, pname, param, offset
  glWeightPointerOES | size, type, stride, offset
  glWeightPointerOES | size, type, stride, pointer
javax.microedition.khronos.opengles.GL11ExtensionPack
 Methods: 53
  glBindFramebufferOES | target, framebuffer
  glBindRenderbufferOES | target, renderbuffer
  glBindTexture | target, texture
  glBlendEquation | mode
  glBlendEquationSeparate | modeRGB, modeAlpha
  glBlendFuncSeparate | srcRGB, dstRGB, srcAlpha, dstAlpha
  glCheckFramebufferStatusOES | target
  glCompressedTexImage2D | target, level, internalformat, width, height, border, imageSize, data
  glCopyTexImage2D | target, level, internalformat, x, y, width, height, border
  glDeleteFramebuffersOES | n, framebuffers, offset
  glDeleteFramebuffersOES | n, framebuffers
  glDeleteRenderbuffersOES | n, renderbuffers
  glDeleteRenderbuffersOES | n, renderbuffers, offset
  glEnable | cap
  glFramebufferRenderbufferOES | target, attachment, renderbuffertarget, renderbuffer
  glFramebufferTexture2DOES | target, attachment, textarget, texture, level
  glGenFramebuffersOES | n, framebuffers, offset
  glGenFramebuffersOES | n, framebuffers
  glGenRenderbuffersOES | n, renderbuffers
  glGenRenderbuffersOES | n, renderbuffers, offset
  glGenerateMipmapOES | target
  glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameterivOES | target, attachment, pname, params, offset
  glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameterivOES | target, attachment, pname, params
  glGetIntegerv | pname, params, offset
  glGetIntegerv | pname, params
  glGetRenderbufferParameterivOES | target, pname, params, offset
  glGetRenderbufferParameterivOES | target, pname, params
  glGetTexGenfv | coord, pname, params
  glGetTexGenfv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexGeniv | coord, pname, params
  glGetTexGeniv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexGenxv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glGetTexGenxv | coord, pname, params
  glIsFramebufferOES | framebuffer
  glIsRenderbufferOES | renderbuffer
  glRenderbufferStorageOES | target, internalformat, width, height
  glStencilOp | fail, zfail, zpass
  glTexEnvf | target, pname, param
  glTexEnvfv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexEnvfv | target, pname, params
  glTexEnvx | target, pname, param
  glTexEnvxv | target, pname, params, offset
  glTexEnvxv | target, pname, params
  glTexGenf | coord, pname, param
  glTexGenfv | coord, pname, params
  glTexGenfv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glTexGeni | coord, pname, param
  glTexGeniv | coord, pname, params
  glTexGeniv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glTexGenx | coord, pname, param
  glTexGenxv | coord, pname, params, offset
  glTexGenxv | coord, pname, params
  glTexParameterf | target, pname, param
javax.net.ServerSocketFactory
 Methods: 5
  createServerSocket | port
  createServerSocket | 
  createServerSocket | port, backlog, ifAddress
  createServerSocket | port, backlog
  getDefault | 
javax.net.SocketFactory
 Methods: 6
  createSocket | host, port
  createSocket | host, port
  createSocket | address, port, localAddress, localPort
  createSocket | host, port, localHost, localPort
  createSocket | 
  getDefault | 
javax.net.ssl.HandshakeCompletedListener
 Methods: 1
  handshakeCompleted | event
javax.net.ssl.HostnameVerifier
 Methods: 1
  verify | hostname, session
javax.net.ssl.KeyManager
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.ManagerFactoryParameters
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLSession
 Methods: 21
  getApplicationBufferSize | 
  getCipherSuite | 
  getCreationTime | 
  getId | 
  getLastAccessedTime | 
  getLocalCertificates | 
  getLocalPrincipal | 
  getPacketBufferSize | 
  getPeerCertificateChain | 
  getPeerCertificates | 
  getPeerHost | 
  getPeerPort | 
  getPeerPrincipal | 
  getProtocol | 
  getSessionContext | 
  getValue | name
  getValueNames | 
  invalidate | 
  isValid | 
  putValue | name, value
  removeValue | name
javax.net.ssl.SSLSessionBindingListener
 Methods: 2
  valueBound | event
  valueUnbound | event
javax.net.ssl.SSLSessionContext
 Methods: 6
  getIds | 
  getSession | sessionId
  getSessionCacheSize | 
  getSessionTimeout | 
  setSessionCacheSize | size
  setSessionTimeout | seconds
javax.net.ssl.TrustManager
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.X509KeyManager
 Methods: 6
  chooseClientAlias | keyType, issuers, socket
  chooseServerAlias | keyType, issuers, socket
  getCertificateChain | alias
  getClientAliases | keyType, issuers
  getPrivateKey | alias
  getServerAliases | keyType, issuers
javax.net.ssl.X509TrustManager
 Methods: 3
  checkClientTrusted | chain, authType
  checkServerTrusted | chain, authType
  getAcceptedIssuers | 
javax.net.ssl.CertPathTrustManagerParameters
 Methods: 1
  getParameters | 
javax.net.ssl.ExtendedSSLSession
 Methods: 3
  getLocalSupportedSignatureAlgorithms | 
  getPeerSupportedSignatureAlgorithms | 
  getRequestedServerNames | 
javax.net.ssl.HandshakeCompletedEvent
 Methods: 8
  getCipherSuite | 
  getLocalCertificates | 
  getLocalPrincipal | 
  getPeerCertificateChain | 
  getPeerCertificates | 
  getPeerPrincipal | 
  getSession | 
  getSocket | 
javax.net.ssl.HttpsURLConnection
 Methods: 13
  getCipherSuite | 
  getDefaultHostnameVerifier | 
  getDefaultSSLSocketFactory | 
  getHostnameVerifier | 
  getLocalCertificates | 
  getLocalPrincipal | 
  getPeerPrincipal | 
  getSSLSocketFactory | 
  getServerCertificates | 
  setDefaultHostnameVerifier | v
  setDefaultSSLSocketFactory | sf
  setHostnameVerifier | v
  setSSLSocketFactory | sf
javax.net.ssl.KeyManagerFactory
 Methods: 9
  getAlgorithm | 
  getDefaultAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getKeyManagers | 
  getProvider | 
  init | spec
  init | ks, password
javax.net.ssl.KeyManagerFactorySpi
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.KeyStoreBuilderParameters
 Methods: 1
  getParameters | 
javax.net.ssl.SNIHostName
 Methods: 5
  createSNIMatcher | regex
  equals | other
  getAsciiName | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
javax.net.ssl.SNIMatcher
 Methods: 2
  getType | 
  matches | serverName
javax.net.ssl.SNIServerName
 Methods: 5
  equals | other
  getEncoded | 
  getType | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLContext
 Methods: 16
  createSSLEngine | 
  createSSLEngine | peerHost, peerPort
  getClientSessionContext | 
  getDefault | 
  getDefaultSSLParameters | 
  getInstance | protocol
  getInstance | protocol, provider
  getInstance | protocol, provider
  getProtocol | 
  getProvider | 
  getServerSessionContext | 
  getServerSocketFactory | 
  getSocketFactory | 
  getSupportedSSLParameters | 
  init | km, tm, random
  setDefault | context
javax.net.ssl.SSLContextSpi
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLEngine
 Methods: 33
  beginHandshake | 
  closeInbound | 
  closeOutbound | 
  getDelegatedTask | 
  getEnableSessionCreation | 
  getEnabledCipherSuites | 
  getEnabledProtocols | 
  getHandshakeSession | 
  getHandshakeStatus | 
  getNeedClientAuth | 
  getPeerHost | 
  getPeerPort | 
  getSSLParameters | 
  getSession | 
  getSupportedCipherSuites | 
  getSupportedProtocols | 
  getUseClientMode | 
  getWantClientAuth | 
  isInboundDone | 
  isOutboundDone | 
  setEnableSessionCreation | flag
  setEnabledCipherSuites | suites
  setEnabledProtocols | protocols
  setNeedClientAuth | need
  setSSLParameters | params
  setUseClientMode | mode
  setWantClientAuth | want
  unwrap | src, dsts
  unwrap | src, dst
  unwrap | src, dsts, offset, length
  wrap | srcs, dst
  wrap | src, dst
  wrap | srcs, offset, length, dst
javax.net.ssl.SSLEngineResult
 Methods: 5
  bytesConsumed | 
  bytesProduced | 
  getHandshakeStatus | 
  getStatus | 
  toString | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLParameters
 Methods: 18
  getAlgorithmConstraints | 
  getCipherSuites | 
  getEndpointIdentificationAlgorithm | 
  getNeedClientAuth | 
  getProtocols | 
  getSNIMatchers | 
  getServerNames | 
  getUseCipherSuitesOrder | 
  getWantClientAuth | 
  setAlgorithmConstraints | constraints
  setCipherSuites | cipherSuites
  setEndpointIdentificationAlgorithm | algorithm
  setNeedClientAuth | needClientAuth
  setProtocols | protocols
  setSNIMatchers | matchers
  setServerNames | serverNames
  setUseCipherSuitesOrder | honorOrder
  setWantClientAuth | wantClientAuth
javax.net.ssl.SSLPermission
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLServerSocket
 Methods: 17
  getEnableSessionCreation | 
  getEnabledCipherSuites | 
  getEnabledProtocols | 
  getNeedClientAuth | 
  getSSLParameters | 
  getSupportedCipherSuites | 
  getSupportedProtocols | 
  getUseClientMode | 
  getWantClientAuth | 
  setEnableSessionCreation | flag
  setEnabledCipherSuites | suites
  setEnabledProtocols | protocols
  setNeedClientAuth | need
  setSSLParameters | params
  setUseClientMode | mode
  setWantClientAuth | want
  toString | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLServerSocketFactory
 Methods: 3
  getDefault | 
  getDefaultCipherSuites | 
  getSupportedCipherSuites | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLSessionBindingEvent
 Methods: 2
  getName | 
  getSession | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLSocket
 Methods: 22
  addHandshakeCompletedListener | listener
  getEnableSessionCreation | 
  getEnabledCipherSuites | 
  getEnabledProtocols | 
  getHandshakeSession | 
  getNeedClientAuth | 
  getSSLParameters | 
  getSession | 
  getSupportedCipherSuites | 
  getSupportedProtocols | 
  getUseClientMode | 
  getWantClientAuth | 
  removeHandshakeCompletedListener | listener
  setEnableSessionCreation | flag
  setEnabledCipherSuites | suites
  setEnabledProtocols | protocols
  setNeedClientAuth | need
  setSSLParameters | params
  setUseClientMode | mode
  setWantClientAuth | want
  startHandshake | 
  toString | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLSocketFactory
 Methods: 4
  createSocket | s, host, port, autoClose
  getDefault | 
  getDefaultCipherSuites | 
  getSupportedCipherSuites | 
javax.net.ssl.StandardConstants
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.TrustManagerFactory
 Methods: 9
  getAlgorithm | 
  getDefaultAlgorithm | 
  getInstance | algorithm
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getInstance | algorithm, provider
  getProvider | 
  getTrustManagers | 
  init | spec
  init | ks
javax.net.ssl.TrustManagerFactorySpi
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.X509ExtendedKeyManager
 Methods: 2
  chooseEngineClientAlias | keyType, issuers, engine
  chooseEngineServerAlias | keyType, issuers, engine
javax.net.ssl.X509ExtendedTrustManager
 Methods: 4
  checkClientTrusted | chain, authType, socket
  checkClientTrusted | chain, authType, engine
  checkServerTrusted | chain, authType, engine
  checkServerTrusted | chain, authType, socket
javax.net.ssl.SSLEngineResult$HandshakeStatus
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLEngineResult$Status
 Methods: 2
  valueOf | name
  values | 
javax.net.ssl.SSLException
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLHandshakeException
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLKeyException
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLPeerUnverifiedException
 Methods: 0
javax.net.ssl.SSLProtocolException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.auth.Destroyable
 Methods: 2
  destroy | 
  isDestroyed | 
javax.security.auth.AuthPermission
 Methods: 0
javax.security.auth.PrivateCredentialPermission
 Methods: 4
  getActions | 
  getCredentialClass | 
  getPrincipals | 
  implies | p
javax.security.auth.Subject
 Methods: 16
  doAs | subject, action
  doAs | subject, action
  doAsPrivileged | subject, action, acc
  doAsPrivileged | subject, action, acc
  equals | o
  getPrincipals | 
  getPrincipals | c
  getPrivateCredentials | c
  getPrivateCredentials | 
  getPublicCredentials | 
  getPublicCredentials | c
  getSubject | acc
  hashCode | 
  isReadOnly | 
  setReadOnly | 
  toString | 
javax.security.auth.SubjectDomainCombiner
 Methods: 2
  combine | currentDomains, assignedDomains
  getSubject | 
javax.security.auth.DestroyFailedException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.auth.callback.Callback
 Methods: 0
javax.security.auth.callback.CallbackHandler
 Methods: 1
  handle | callbacks
javax.security.auth.callback.PasswordCallback
 Methods: 5
  clearPassword | 
  getPassword | 
  getPrompt | 
  isEchoOn | 
  setPassword | password
javax.security.auth.callback.UnsupportedCallbackException
 Methods: 1
  getCallback | 
javax.security.auth.login.LoginException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.auth.x500.X500Principal
 Methods: 7
  equals | o
  getEncoded | 
  getName | format
  getName | 
  getName | format, , oidMap
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
javax.security.cert.Certificate
 Methods: 7
  equals | other
  getEncoded | 
  getPublicKey | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
  verify | key, sigProvider
  verify | key
javax.security.cert.X509Certificate
 Methods: 13
  checkValidity | 
  checkValidity | date
  getInstance | certData
  getInstance | inStream
  getIssuerDN | 
  getNotAfter | 
  getNotBefore | 
  getSerialNumber | 
  getSigAlgName | 
  getSigAlgOID | 
  getSigAlgParams | 
  getSubjectDN | 
  getVersion | 
javax.security.cert.CertificateEncodingException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.cert.CertificateException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.cert.CertificateExpiredException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.cert.CertificateNotYetValidException
 Methods: 0
javax.security.cert.CertificateParsingException
 Methods: 0
javax.sql.CommonDataSource
 Methods: 5
  getLogWriter | 
  getLoginTimeout | 
  getParentLogger | 
  setLogWriter | out
  setLoginTimeout | seconds
javax.sql.ConnectionEventListener
 Methods: 2
  connectionClosed | event
  connectionErrorOccurred | event
javax.sql.ConnectionPoolDataSource
 Methods: 2
  getPooledConnection | 
  getPooledConnection | user, password
javax.sql.DataSource
 Methods: 2
  getConnection | 
  getConnection | username, password
javax.sql.PooledConnection
 Methods: 6
  addConnectionEventListener | listener
  addStatementEventListener | listener
  close | 
  getConnection | 
  removeConnectionEventListener | listener
  removeStatementEventListener | listener
javax.sql.RowSet
 Methods: 115
  addRowSetListener | listener
  clearParameters | 
  execute | 
  getCommand | 
  getDataSourceName | 
  getEscapeProcessing | 
  getMaxFieldSize | 
  getMaxRows | 
  getPassword | 
  getQueryTimeout | 
  getTransactionIsolation | 
  getTypeMap | 
  getUrl | 
  getUsername | 
  isReadOnly | 
  removeRowSetListener | listener
  setArray | i, x
  setAsciiStream | parameterName, x, length
  setAsciiStream | parameterIndex, x
  setAsciiStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setAsciiStream | parameterName, x
  setBigDecimal | parameterIndex, x
  setBigDecimal | parameterName, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterName, x
  setBinaryStream | parameterIndex, x, length
  setBinaryStream | parameterName, x, length
  setBinaryStream | parameterIndex, x
  setBlob | parameterIndex, inputStream, length
  setBlob | parameterIndex, inputStream
  setBlob | parameterName, x
  setBlob | parameterName, inputStream, length
  setBlob | i, x
  setBlob | parameterName, inputStream
  setBoolean | parameterName, x
  setBoolean | parameterIndex, x
  setByte | parameterIndex, x
  setByte | parameterName, x
  setBytes | parameterName, x
  setBytes | parameterIndex, x
  setCharacterStream | parameterIndex, reader
  setCharacterStream | parameterName, reader, length
  setCharacterStream | parameterName, reader
  setCharacterStream | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setClob | i, x
  setClob | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setClob | parameterIndex, reader
  setClob | parameterName, x
  setClob | parameterName, reader, length
  setClob | parameterName, reader
  setCommand | cmd
  setConcurrency | concurrency
  setDataSourceName | name
  setDate | parameterName, x, cal
  setDate | parameterName, x
  setDate | parameterIndex, x
  setDate | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setDouble | parameterIndex, x
  setDouble | parameterName, x
  setEscapeProcessing | enable
  setFloat | parameterName, x
  setFloat | parameterIndex, x
  setInt | parameterIndex, x
  setInt | parameterName, x
  setLong | parameterIndex, x
  setLong | parameterName, x
  setMaxFieldSize | max
  setMaxRows | max
  setNCharacterStream | parameterName, value, length
  setNCharacterStream | parameterIndex, value
  setNCharacterStream | parameterIndex, value, length
  setNCharacterStream | parameterName, value
  setNClob | parameterName, reader, length
  setNClob | parameterName, value
  setNClob | parameterIndex, reader, length
  setNClob | parameterName, reader
  setNClob | parameterIndex, value
  setNClob | parameterIndex, reader
  setNString | parameterIndex, value
  setNString | parameterName, value
  setNull | paramIndex, sqlType, typeName
  setNull | parameterIndex, sqlType
  setNull | parameterName, sqlType
  setNull | parameterName, sqlType, typeName
  setObject | parameterName, x, targetSqlType, scale
  setObject | parameterIndex, x, targetSqlType, scaleOrLength
  setObject | parameterIndex, x
  setObject | parameterName, x, targetSqlType
  setObject | parameterIndex, x, targetSqlType
  setObject | parameterName, x
  setPassword | password
  setQueryTimeout | seconds
  setReadOnly | value
  setRef | i, x
  setRowId | parameterIndex, x
  setRowId | parameterName, x
  setSQLXML | parameterIndex, xmlObject
  setSQLXML | parameterName, xmlObject
  setShort | parameterIndex, x
  setShort | parameterName, x
  setString | parameterName, x
  setString | parameterIndex, x
  setTime | parameterName, x, cal
  setTime | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setTime | parameterName, x
  setTime | parameterIndex, x
  setTimestamp | parameterIndex, x, cal
  setTimestamp | parameterName, x, cal
  setTimestamp | parameterName, x
  setTimestamp | parameterIndex, x
  setTransactionIsolation | level
  setType | type
  setTypeMap | , map
  setURL | parameterIndex, x
  setUrl | url
  setUsername | name
javax.sql.RowSetInternal
 Methods: 5
  getConnection | 
  getOriginal | 
  getOriginalRow | 
  getParams | 
  setMetaData | md
javax.sql.RowSetListener
 Methods: 3
  cursorMoved | event
  rowChanged | event
  rowSetChanged | event
javax.sql.RowSetMetaData
 Methods: 17
  setAutoIncrement | columnIndex, property
  setCaseSensitive | columnIndex, property
  setCatalogName | columnIndex, catalogName
  setColumnCount | columnCount
  setColumnDisplaySize | columnIndex, size
  setColumnLabel | columnIndex, label
  setColumnName | columnIndex, columnName
  setColumnType | columnIndex, SQLType
  setColumnTypeName | columnIndex, typeName
  setCurrency | columnIndex, property
  setNullable | columnIndex, property
  setPrecision | columnIndex, precision
  setScale | columnIndex, scale
  setSchemaName | columnIndex, schemaName
  setSearchable | columnIndex, property
  setSigned | columnIndex, property
  setTableName | columnIndex, tableName
javax.sql.RowSetReader
 Methods: 1
  readData | caller
javax.sql.RowSetWriter
 Methods: 1
  writeData | caller
javax.sql.StatementEventListener
 Methods: 2
  statementClosed | event
  statementErrorOccurred | event
javax.sql.ConnectionEvent
 Methods: 1
  getSQLException | 
javax.sql.RowSetEvent
 Methods: 0
javax.sql.StatementEvent
 Methods: 2
  getSQLException | 
  getStatement | 
javax.xml.XMLConstants
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.datatype.DatatypeConstants
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.datatype.DatatypeConstants$Field
 Methods: 2
  getId | 
  toString | 
javax.xml.datatype.DatatypeFactory
 Methods: 23
  newDuration | isPositive, years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds
  newDuration | isPositive, years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds
  newDuration | durationInMilliSeconds
  newDuration | lexicalRepresentation
  newDurationDayTime | durationInMilliseconds
  newDurationDayTime | isPositive, day, hour, minute, second
  newDurationDayTime | isPositive, day, hour, minute, second
  newDurationDayTime | lexicalRepresentation
  newDurationYearMonth | lexicalRepresentation
  newDurationYearMonth | isPositive, year, month
  newDurationYearMonth | isPositive, year, month
  newDurationYearMonth | durationInMilliseconds
  newInstance | factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | 
  newXMLGregorianCalendar | lexicalRepresentation
  newXMLGregorianCalendar | cal
  newXMLGregorianCalendar | year, month, day, hour, minute, second, millisecond, timezone
  newXMLGregorianCalendar | year, month, day, hour, minute, second, fractionalSecond, timezone
  newXMLGregorianCalendar | 
  newXMLGregorianCalendarDate | year, month, day, timezone
  newXMLGregorianCalendarTime | hours, minutes, seconds, fractionalSecond, timezone
  newXMLGregorianCalendarTime | hours, minutes, seconds, milliseconds, timezone
  newXMLGregorianCalendarTime | hours, minutes, seconds, timezone
javax.xml.datatype.Duration
 Methods: 26
  add | rhs
  addTo | calendar
  addTo | date
  compare | duration
  equals | duration
  getDays | 
  getField | field
  getHours | 
  getMinutes | 
  getMonths | 
  getSeconds | 
  getSign | 
  getTimeInMillis | startInstant
  getTimeInMillis | startInstant
  getXMLSchemaType | 
  getYears | 
  hashCode | 
  isLongerThan | duration
  isSet | field
  isShorterThan | duration
  multiply | factor
  multiply | factor
  negate | 
  normalizeWith | startTimeInstant
  subtract | rhs
  toString | 
javax.xml.datatype.XMLGregorianCalendar
 Methods: 39
  add | duration
  clear | 
  clone | 
  compare | xmlGregorianCalendar
  equals | obj
  getDay | 
  getEon | 
  getEonAndYear | 
  getFractionalSecond | 
  getHour | 
  getMillisecond | 
  getMinute | 
  getMonth | 
  getSecond | 
  getTimeZone | defaultZoneoffset
  getTimezone | 
  getXMLSchemaType | 
  getYear | 
  hashCode | 
  isValid | 
  normalize | 
  reset | 
  setDay | day
  setFractionalSecond | fractional
  setHour | hour
  setMillisecond | millisecond
  setMinute | minute
  setMonth | month
  setSecond | second
  setTime | hour, minute, second, fractional
  setTime | hour, minute, second
  setTime | hour, minute, second, millisecond
  setTimezone | offset
  setYear | year
  setYear | year
  toGregorianCalendar | 
  toGregorianCalendar | timezone, aLocale, defaults
  toString | 
  toXMLFormat | 
javax.xml.datatype.DatatypeConfigurationException
 Methods: 3
  printStackTrace | 
  printStackTrace | s
  printStackTrace | s
javax.xml.namespace.NamespaceContext
 Methods: 3
  getNamespaceURI | prefix
  getPrefix | namespaceURI
  getPrefixes | namespaceURI
javax.xml.namespace.QName
 Methods: 7
  equals | objectToTest
  getLocalPart | 
  getNamespaceURI | 
  getPrefix | 
  hashCode | 
  toString | 
  valueOf | qNameAsString
javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilder
 Methods: 14
  getDOMImplementation | 
  getSchema | 
  isNamespaceAware | 
  isValidating | 
  isXIncludeAware | 
  newDocument | 
  parse | is
  parse | uri
  parse | is
  parse | is, systemId
  parse | f
  reset | 
  setEntityResolver | er
  setErrorHandler | eh
javax.xml.parsers.DocumentBuilderFactory
 Methods: 23
  getAttribute | name
  getFeature | name
  getSchema | 
  isCoalescing | 
  isExpandEntityReferences | 
  isIgnoringComments | 
  isIgnoringElementContentWhitespace | 
  isNamespaceAware | 
  isValidating | 
  isXIncludeAware | 
  newDocumentBuilder | 
  newInstance | factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | 
  setAttribute | name, value
  setCoalescing | coalescing
  setExpandEntityReferences | expandEntityRef
  setFeature | name, value
  setIgnoringComments | ignoreComments
  setIgnoringElementContentWhitespace | whitespace
  setNamespaceAware | awareness
  setSchema | schema
  setValidating | validating
  setXIncludeAware | state
javax.xml.parsers.SAXParser
 Methods: 19
  getParser | 
  getProperty | name
  getSchema | 
  getXMLReader | 
  isNamespaceAware | 
  isValidating | 
  isXIncludeAware | 
  parse | is, dh
  parse | is, hb
  parse | is, hb, systemId
  parse | uri, hb
  parse | f, hb
  parse | uri, dh
  parse | is, hb
  parse | f, dh
  parse | is, dh
  parse | is, dh, systemId
  reset | 
  setProperty | name, value
javax.xml.parsers.SAXParserFactory
 Methods: 13
  getFeature | name
  getSchema | 
  isNamespaceAware | 
  isValidating | 
  isXIncludeAware | 
  newInstance | factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | 
  newSAXParser | 
  setFeature | name, value
  setNamespaceAware | awareness
  setSchema | schema
  setValidating | validating
  setXIncludeAware | state
javax.xml.parsers.ParserConfigurationException
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.parsers.FactoryConfigurationError
 Methods: 2
  getException | 
  getMessage | 
javax.xml.transform.ErrorListener
 Methods: 3
  error | exception
  fatalError | exception
  warning | exception
javax.xml.transform.Result
 Methods: 2
  getSystemId | 
  setSystemId | systemId
javax.xml.transform.Source
 Methods: 2
  getSystemId | 
  setSystemId | systemId
javax.xml.transform.SourceLocator
 Methods: 4
  getColumnNumber | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
javax.xml.transform.Templates
 Methods: 2
  getOutputProperties | 
  newTransformer | 
javax.xml.transform.URIResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolve | href, base
javax.xml.transform.OutputKeys
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.transform.Transformer
 Methods: 13
  clearParameters | 
  getErrorListener | 
  getOutputProperties | 
  getOutputProperty | name
  getParameter | name
  getURIResolver | 
  reset | 
  setErrorListener | listener
  setOutputProperties | oformat
  setOutputProperty | name, value
  setParameter | name, value
  setURIResolver | resolver
  transform | xmlSource, outputTarget
javax.xml.transform.TransformerFactory
 Methods: 14
  getAssociatedStylesheet | source, media, title, charset
  getAttribute | name
  getErrorListener | 
  getFeature | name
  getURIResolver | 
  newInstance | factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | 
  newTemplates | source
  newTransformer | source
  newTransformer | 
  setAttribute | name, value
  setErrorListener | listener
  setFeature | name, value
  setURIResolver | resolver
javax.xml.transform.TransformerConfigurationException
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.transform.TransformerException
 Methods: 10
  getCause | 
  getException | 
  getLocationAsString | 
  getLocator | 
  getMessageAndLocation | 
  initCause | cause
  printStackTrace | 
  printStackTrace | s
  printStackTrace | s
  setLocator | location
javax.xml.transform.TransformerFactoryConfigurationError
 Methods: 2
  getException | 
  getMessage | 
javax.xml.transform.dom.DOMLocator
 Methods: 1
  getOriginatingNode | 
javax.xml.transform.dom.DOMResult
 Methods: 6
  getNextSibling | 
  getNode | 
  getSystemId | 
  setNextSibling | nextSibling
  setNode | node
  setSystemId | systemId
javax.xml.transform.dom.DOMSource
 Methods: 4
  getNode | 
  getSystemId | 
  setNode | node
  setSystemId | systemID
javax.xml.transform.sax.TemplatesHandler
 Methods: 3
  getSystemId | 
  getTemplates | 
  setSystemId | systemID
javax.xml.transform.sax.TransformerHandler
 Methods: 4
  getSystemId | 
  getTransformer | 
  setResult | result
  setSystemId | systemID
javax.xml.transform.sax.SAXResult
 Methods: 6
  getHandler | 
  getLexicalHandler | 
  getSystemId | 
  setHandler | handler
  setLexicalHandler | handler
  setSystemId | systemId
javax.xml.transform.sax.SAXSource
 Methods: 7
  getInputSource | 
  getSystemId | 
  getXMLReader | 
  setInputSource | inputSource
  setSystemId | systemId
  setXMLReader | reader
  sourceToInputSource | source
javax.xml.transform.sax.SAXTransformerFactory
 Methods: 6
  newTemplatesHandler | 
  newTransformerHandler | 
  newTransformerHandler | src
  newTransformerHandler | templates
  newXMLFilter | src
  newXMLFilter | templates
javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamResult
 Methods: 7
  getOutputStream | 
  getSystemId | 
  getWriter | 
  setOutputStream | outputStream
  setSystemId | systemId
  setSystemId | f
  setWriter | writer
javax.xml.transform.stream.StreamSource
 Methods: 9
  getInputStream | 
  getPublicId | 
  getReader | 
  getSystemId | 
  setInputStream | inputStream
  setPublicId | publicId
  setReader | reader
  setSystemId | systemId
  setSystemId | f
javax.xml.validation.Schema
 Methods: 2
  newValidator | 
  newValidatorHandler | 
javax.xml.validation.SchemaFactory
 Methods: 16
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getProperty | name
  getResourceResolver | 
  isSchemaLanguageSupported | schemaLanguage
  newInstance | schemaLanguage, factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | schemaLanguage
  newSchema | schema
  newSchema | schema
  newSchema | 
  newSchema | schemas
  newSchema | schema
  setErrorHandler | errorHandler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, object
  setResourceResolver | resourceResolver
javax.xml.validation.SchemaFactoryLoader
 Methods: 1
  newFactory | schemaLanguage
javax.xml.validation.TypeInfoProvider
 Methods: 4
  getAttributeTypeInfo | index
  getElementTypeInfo | 
  isIdAttribute | index
  isSpecified | index
javax.xml.validation.Validator
 Methods: 11
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getProperty | name
  getResourceResolver | 
  reset | 
  setErrorHandler | errorHandler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, object
  setResourceResolver | resourceResolver
  validate | source
  validate | source, result
javax.xml.validation.ValidatorHandler
 Methods: 11
  getContentHandler | 
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getProperty | name
  getResourceResolver | 
  getTypeInfoProvider | 
  setContentHandler | receiver
  setErrorHandler | errorHandler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, object
  setResourceResolver | resourceResolver
javax.xml.xpath.XPath
 Methods: 12
  compile | expression
  evaluate | expression, item, returnType
  evaluate | expression, item
  evaluate | expression, source, returnType
  evaluate | expression, source
  getNamespaceContext | 
  getXPathFunctionResolver | 
  getXPathVariableResolver | 
  reset | 
  setNamespaceContext | nsContext
  setXPathFunctionResolver | resolver
  setXPathVariableResolver | resolver
javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpression
 Methods: 4
  evaluate | item
  evaluate | source
  evaluate | source, returnType
  evaluate | item, returnType
javax.xml.xpath.XPathFunction
 Methods: 1
  evaluate | args
javax.xml.xpath.XPathFunctionResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolveFunction | functionName, arity
javax.xml.xpath.XPathVariableResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolveVariable | variableName
javax.xml.xpath.XPathConstants
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.xpath.XPathFactory
 Methods: 9
  getFeature | name
  isObjectModelSupported | objectModel
  newInstance | 
  newInstance | uri, factoryClassName, classLoader
  newInstance | uri
  newXPath | 
  setFeature | name, value
  setXPathFunctionResolver | resolver
  setXPathVariableResolver | resolver
javax.xml.xpath.XPathException
 Methods: 4
  getCause | 
  printStackTrace | 
  printStackTrace | s
  printStackTrace | s
javax.xml.xpath.XPathExpressionException
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.xpath.XPathFactoryConfigurationException
 Methods: 0
javax.xml.xpath.XPathFunctionException
 Methods: 0
junit.framework.Protectable
 Methods: 1
  protect | 
junit.framework.Test
 Methods: 2
  countTestCases | 
  run | result
junit.framework.TestListener
 Methods: 4
  addError | test, t
  addFailure | test, t
  endTest | test
  startTest | test
junit.framework.Assert
 Methods: 38
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual, delta
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual, delta
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual, delta
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual
  assertEquals | message, expected, actual, delta
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertEquals | expected, actual
  assertFalse | message, condition
  assertFalse | condition
  assertNotNull | object
  assertNotNull | message, object
  assertNotSame | message, expected, actual
  assertNotSame | expected, actual
  assertNull | message, object
  assertNull | object
  assertSame | message, expected, actual
  assertSame | expected, actual
  assertTrue | message, condition
  assertTrue | condition
  fail | message
  fail | 
  failNotEquals | message, expected, actual
  failNotSame | message, expected, actual
  failSame | message
  format | message, expected, actual
junit.framework.TestCase
 Methods: 7
  countTestCases | 
  getName | 
  run | 
  run | result
  runBare | 
  setName | name
  toString | 
junit.framework.TestFailure
 Methods: 6
  exceptionMessage | 
  failedTest | 
  isFailure | 
  thrownException | 
  toString | 
  trace | 
junit.framework.TestResult
 Methods: 15
  addError | test, t
  addFailure | test, t
  addListener | listener
  endTest | test
  errorCount | 
  errors | 
  failureCount | 
  failures | 
  removeListener | listener
  runCount | 
  runProtected | test, p
  shouldStop | 
  startTest | test
  stop | 
  wasSuccessful | 
junit.framework.TestSuite
 Methods: 14
  addTest | test
  addTestSuite | testClass
  countTestCases | 
  createTest | theClass, name
  getName | 
  getTestConstructor | theClass
  run | result
  runTest | test, result
  setName | name
  testAt | index
  testCount | 
  tests | 
  toString | 
  warning | message
junit.framework.AssertionFailedError
 Methods: 0
junit.framework.ComparisonFailure
 Methods: 3
  getActual | 
  getExpected | 
  getMessage | 
junit.runner.TestSuiteLoader
 Methods: 2
  load | suiteClassName
  reload | aClass
junit.runner.BaseTestRunner
 Methods: 20
  addError | test, t
  addFailure | test, t
  elapsedTimeAsString | runTime
  endTest | test
  extractClassName | className
  getFilteredTrace | stack
  getFilteredTrace | t
  getLoader | 
  getPreference | key, dflt
  getPreference | key
  getTest | suiteClassName
  inVAJava | 
  savePreferences | 
  setLoading | enable
  setPreference | key, value
  startTest | test
  testEnded | testName
  testFailed | status, test, t
  testStarted | testName
  truncate | s
junit.runner.Version
 Methods: 1
  id | 
org.apache.http.conn.ConnectTimeoutException
 Methods: 0
org.apache.http.conn.scheme.HostNameResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolve | hostname
org.apache.http.conn.scheme.LayeredSocketFactory
 Methods: 1
  createSocket | socket, host, port, autoClose
org.apache.http.conn.scheme.SocketFactory
 Methods: 3
  connectSocket | sock, host, port, localAddress, localPort, params
  createSocket | 
  isSecure | sock
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.X509HostnameVerifier
 Methods: 4
  verify | host, ssl
  verify | host, cert
  verify | host, cns, subjectAlts
  verify | host, session
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.AbstractVerifier
 Methods: 8
  acceptableCountryWildcard | cn
  countDots | s
  getCNs | cert
  getDNSSubjectAlts | cert
  verify | host, ssl
  verify | host, cns, subjectAlts, strictWithSubDomains
  verify | host, cert
  verify | host, session
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.AllowAllHostnameVerifier
 Methods: 2
  toString | 
  verify | host, cns, subjectAlts
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.BrowserCompatHostnameVerifier
 Methods: 2
  toString | 
  verify | host, cns, subjectAlts
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.SSLSocketFactory
 Methods: 7
  connectSocket | sock, host, port, localAddress, localPort, params
  createSocket | socket, host, port, autoClose
  createSocket | 
  getHostnameVerifier | 
  getSocketFactory | 
  isSecure | sock
  setHostnameVerifier | hostnameVerifier
org.apache.http.conn.ssl.StrictHostnameVerifier
 Methods: 2
  toString | 
  verify | host, cns, subjectAlts
org.apache.http.params.CoreConnectionPNames
 Methods: 0
org.apache.http.params.HttpParams
 Methods: 14
  copy | 
  getBooleanParameter | name, defaultValue
  getDoubleParameter | name, defaultValue
  getIntParameter | name, defaultValue
  getLongParameter | name, defaultValue
  getParameter | name
  isParameterFalse | name
  isParameterTrue | name
  removeParameter | name
  setBooleanParameter | name, value
  setDoubleParameter | name, value
  setIntParameter | name, value
  setLongParameter | name, value
  setParameter | name, value
org.apache.http.params.HttpConnectionParams
 Methods: 12
  getConnectionTimeout | params
  getLinger | params
  getSoTimeout | params
  getSocketBufferSize | params
  getTcpNoDelay | params
  isStaleCheckingEnabled | params
  setConnectionTimeout | params, timeout
  setLinger | params, value
  setSoTimeout | params, timeout
  setSocketBufferSize | params, size
  setStaleCheckingEnabled | params, value
  setTcpNoDelay | params, value
org.json.JSONArray
 Methods: 40
  equals | o
  get | index
  getBoolean | index
  getDouble | index
  getInt | index
  getJSONArray | index
  getJSONObject | index
  getLong | index
  getString | index
  hashCode | 
  isNull | index
  join | separator
  length | 
  opt | index
  optBoolean | index
  optBoolean | index, fallback
  optDouble | index
  optDouble | index, fallback
  optInt | index
  optInt | index, fallback
  optJSONArray | index
  optJSONObject | index
  optLong | index
  optLong | index, fallback
  optString | index
  optString | index, fallback
  put | value
  put | value
  put | index, value
  put | value
  put | index, value
  put | index, value
  put | index, value
  put | value
  put | index, value
  put | value
  remove | index
  toJSONObject | names
  toString | 
  toString | indentSpaces
org.json.JSONObject
 Methods: 40
  accumulate | name, value
  get | name
  getBoolean | name
  getDouble | name
  getInt | name
  getJSONArray | name
  getJSONObject | name
  getLong | name
  getString | name
  has | name
  isNull | name
  keys | 
  length | 
  names | 
  numberToString | number
  opt | name
  optBoolean | name, fallback
  optBoolean | name
  optDouble | name, fallback
  optDouble | name
  optInt | name, fallback
  optInt | name
  optJSONArray | name
  optJSONObject | name
  optLong | name
  optLong | name, fallback
  optString | name, fallback
  optString | name
  put | name, value
  put | name, value
  put | name, value
  put | name, value
  put | name, value
  putOpt | name, value
  quote | data
  remove | name
  toJSONArray | names
  toString | 
  toString | indentSpaces
  wrap | o
org.json.JSONStringer
 Methods: 10
  array | 
  endArray | 
  endObject | 
  key | name
  object | 
  toString | 
  value | value
  value | value
  value | value
  value | value
org.json.JSONTokener
 Methods: 15
  back | 
  dehexchar | hex
  more | 
  next | 
  next | c
  next | length
  nextClean | 
  nextString | quote
  nextTo | excluded
  nextTo | excluded
  nextValue | 
  skipPast | thru
  skipTo | to
  syntaxError | message
  toString | 
org.json.JSONException
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.Attr
 Methods: 7
  getName | 
  getOwnerElement | 
  getSchemaTypeInfo | 
  getSpecified | 
  getValue | 
  isId | 
  setValue | value
org.w3c.dom.CDATASection
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.CharacterData
 Methods: 8
  appendData | arg
  deleteData | offset, count
  getData | 
  getLength | 
  insertData | offset, arg
  replaceData | offset, count, arg
  setData | data
  substringData | offset, count
org.w3c.dom.Comment
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.Document
 Methods: 31
  adoptNode | source
  createAttribute | name
  createAttributeNS | namespaceURI, qualifiedName
  createCDATASection | data
  createComment | data
  createDocumentFragment | 
  createElement | tagName
  createElementNS | namespaceURI, qualifiedName
  createEntityReference | name
  createProcessingInstruction | target, data
  createTextNode | data
  getDoctype | 
  getDocumentElement | 
  getDocumentURI | 
  getDomConfig | 
  getElementById | elementId
  getElementsByTagName | tagname
  getElementsByTagNameNS | namespaceURI, localName
  getImplementation | 
  getInputEncoding | 
  getStrictErrorChecking | 
  getXmlEncoding | 
  getXmlStandalone | 
  getXmlVersion | 
  importNode | importedNode, deep
  normalizeDocument | 
  renameNode | n, namespaceURI, qualifiedName
  setDocumentURI | documentURI
  setStrictErrorChecking | strictErrorChecking
  setXmlStandalone | xmlStandalone
  setXmlVersion | xmlVersion
org.w3c.dom.DocumentFragment
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.DocumentType
 Methods: 6
  getEntities | 
  getInternalSubset | 
  getName | 
  getNotations | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
org.w3c.dom.DOMConfiguration
 Methods: 4
  canSetParameter | name, value
  getParameter | name
  getParameterNames | 
  setParameter | name, value
org.w3c.dom.DOMError
 Methods: 6
  getLocation | 
  getMessage | 
  getRelatedData | 
  getRelatedException | 
  getSeverity | 
  getType | 
org.w3c.dom.DOMErrorHandler
 Methods: 1
  handleError | error
org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementation
 Methods: 4
  createDocument | namespaceURI, qualifiedName, doctype
  createDocumentType | qualifiedName, publicId, systemId
  getFeature | feature, version
  hasFeature | feature, version
org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationList
 Methods: 2
  getLength | 
  item | index
org.w3c.dom.DOMImplementationSource
 Methods: 2
  getDOMImplementation | features
  getDOMImplementationList | features
org.w3c.dom.DOMLocator
 Methods: 6
  getByteOffset | 
  getColumnNumber | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getRelatedNode | 
  getUri | 
  getUtf16Offset | 
org.w3c.dom.DOMStringList
 Methods: 3
  contains | str
  getLength | 
  item | index
org.w3c.dom.Element
 Methods: 20
  getAttribute | name
  getAttributeNS | namespaceURI, localName
  getAttributeNode | name
  getAttributeNodeNS | namespaceURI, localName
  getElementsByTagName | name
  getElementsByTagNameNS | namespaceURI, localName
  getSchemaTypeInfo | 
  getTagName | 
  hasAttribute | name
  hasAttributeNS | namespaceURI, localName
  removeAttribute | name
  removeAttributeNS | namespaceURI, localName
  removeAttributeNode | oldAttr
  setAttribute | name, value
  setAttributeNS | namespaceURI, qualifiedName, value
  setAttributeNode | newAttr
  setAttributeNodeNS | newAttr
  setIdAttribute | name, isId
  setIdAttributeNS | namespaceURI, localName, isId
  setIdAttributeNode | idAttr, isId
org.w3c.dom.Entity
 Methods: 6
  getInputEncoding | 
  getNotationName | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
  getXmlEncoding | 
  getXmlVersion | 
org.w3c.dom.EntityReference
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.NamedNodeMap
 Methods: 8
  getLength | 
  getNamedItem | name
  getNamedItemNS | namespaceURI, localName
  item | index
  removeNamedItem | name
  removeNamedItemNS | namespaceURI, localName
  setNamedItem | arg
  setNamedItemNS | arg
org.w3c.dom.NameList
 Methods: 5
  contains | str
  containsNS | namespaceURI, name
  getLength | 
  getName | index
  getNamespaceURI | index
org.w3c.dom.Node
 Methods: 37
  appendChild | newChild
  cloneNode | deep
  compareDocumentPosition | other
  getAttributes | 
  getBaseURI | 
  getChildNodes | 
  getFeature | feature, version
  getFirstChild | 
  getLastChild | 
  getLocalName | 
  getNamespaceURI | 
  getNextSibling | 
  getNodeName | 
  getNodeType | 
  getNodeValue | 
  getOwnerDocument | 
  getParentNode | 
  getPrefix | 
  getPreviousSibling | 
  getTextContent | 
  getUserData | key
  hasAttributes | 
  hasChildNodes | 
  insertBefore | newChild, refChild
  isDefaultNamespace | namespaceURI
  isEqualNode | arg
  isSameNode | other
  isSupported | feature, version
  lookupNamespaceURI | prefix
  lookupPrefix | namespaceURI
  normalize | 
  removeChild | oldChild
  replaceChild | newChild, oldChild
  setNodeValue | nodeValue
  setPrefix | prefix
  setTextContent | textContent
  setUserData | key, data, handler
org.w3c.dom.NodeList
 Methods: 2
  getLength | 
  item | index
org.w3c.dom.Notation
 Methods: 2
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
org.w3c.dom.ProcessingInstruction
 Methods: 3
  getData | 
  getTarget | 
  setData | data
org.w3c.dom.Text
 Methods: 4
  getWholeText | 
  isElementContentWhitespace | 
  replaceWholeText | content
  splitText | offset
org.w3c.dom.TypeInfo
 Methods: 3
  getTypeName | 
  getTypeNamespace | 
  isDerivedFrom | typeNamespaceArg, typeNameArg, derivationMethod
org.w3c.dom.UserDataHandler
 Methods: 1
  handle | operation, key, data, src, dst
org.w3c.dom.DOMException
 Methods: 0
org.w3c.dom.ls.DOMImplementationLS
 Methods: 4
  createLSInput | 
  createLSOutput | 
  createLSParser | mode, schemaType
  createLSSerializer | 
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSInput
 Methods: 16
  getBaseURI | 
  getByteStream | 
  getCertifiedText | 
  getCharacterStream | 
  getEncoding | 
  getPublicId | 
  getStringData | 
  getSystemId | 
  setBaseURI | baseURI
  setByteStream | byteStream
  setCertifiedText | certifiedText
  setCharacterStream | characterStream
  setEncoding | encoding
  setPublicId | publicId
  setStringData | stringData
  setSystemId | systemId
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSOutput
 Methods: 8
  getByteStream | 
  getCharacterStream | 
  getEncoding | 
  getSystemId | 
  setByteStream | byteStream
  setCharacterStream | characterStream
  setEncoding | encoding
  setSystemId | systemId
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSParser
 Methods: 9
  abort | 
  getAsync | 
  getBusy | 
  getDomConfig | 
  getFilter | 
  parse | input
  parseURI | uri
  parseWithContext | input, contextArg, action
  setFilter | filter
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSParserFilter
 Methods: 3
  acceptNode | nodeArg
  getWhatToShow | 
  startElement | elementArg
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSResourceResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolveResource | type, namespaceURI, publicId, systemId, baseURI
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSSerializer
 Methods: 6
  getDomConfig | 
  getNewLine | 
  setNewLine | newLine
  write | nodeArg, destination
  writeToString | nodeArg
  writeToURI | nodeArg, uri
org.w3c.dom.ls.LSException
 Methods: 0
org.xml.sax.AttributeList
 Methods: 6
  getLength | 
  getName | i
  getType | name
  getType | i
  getValue | name
  getValue | i
org.xml.sax.Attributes
 Methods: 12
  getIndex | qName
  getIndex | uri, localName
  getLength | 
  getLocalName | index
  getQName | index
  getType | qName
  getType | index
  getType | uri, localName
  getURI | index
  getValue | qName
  getValue | index
  getValue | uri, localName
org.xml.sax.ContentHandler
 Methods: 11
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | uri, localName, qName
  endPrefixMapping | prefix
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  processingInstruction | target, data
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  skippedEntity | name
  startDocument | 
  startElement | uri, localName, qName, atts
  startPrefixMapping | prefix, uri
org.xml.sax.DocumentHandler
 Methods: 8
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | name
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  processingInstruction | target, data
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  startDocument | 
  startElement | name, atts
org.xml.sax.DTDHandler
 Methods: 2
  notationDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  unparsedEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId, notationName
org.xml.sax.EntityResolver
 Methods: 1
  resolveEntity | publicId, systemId
org.xml.sax.ErrorHandler
 Methods: 3
  error | exception
  fatalError | exception
  warning | exception
org.xml.sax.Locator
 Methods: 4
  getColumnNumber | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
org.xml.sax.Parser
 Methods: 7
  parse | source
  parse | systemId
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setDocumentHandler | handler
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setLocale | locale
org.xml.sax.XMLFilter
 Methods: 2
  getParent | 
  setParent | parent
org.xml.sax.XMLReader
 Methods: 14
  getContentHandler | 
  getDTDHandler | 
  getEntityResolver | 
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getProperty | name
  parse | input
  parse | systemId
  setContentHandler | handler
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, value
org.xml.sax.HandlerBase
 Methods: 14
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | name
  error | e
  fatalError | e
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  notationDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  processingInstruction | target, data
  resolveEntity | publicId, systemId
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  startDocument | 
  startElement | name, attributes
  unparsedEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId, notationName
  warning | e
org.xml.sax.InputSource
 Methods: 10
  getByteStream | 
  getCharacterStream | 
  getEncoding | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
  setByteStream | byteStream
  setCharacterStream | characterStream
  setEncoding | encoding
  setPublicId | publicId
  setSystemId | systemId
org.xml.sax.SAXException
 Methods: 3
  getException | 
  getMessage | 
  toString | 
org.xml.sax.SAXNotRecognizedException
 Methods: 0
org.xml.sax.SAXNotSupportedException
 Methods: 0
org.xml.sax.SAXParseException
 Methods: 4
  getColumnNumber | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
org.xml.sax.ext.Attributes2
 Methods: 6
  isDeclared | uri, localName
  isDeclared | index
  isDeclared | qName
  isSpecified | uri, localName
  isSpecified | index
  isSpecified | qName
org.xml.sax.ext.DeclHandler
 Methods: 4
  attributeDecl | eName, aName, type, mode, value
  elementDecl | name, model
  externalEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  internalEntityDecl | name, value
org.xml.sax.ext.EntityResolver2
 Methods: 2
  getExternalSubset | name, baseURI
  resolveEntity | name, publicId, baseURI, systemId
org.xml.sax.ext.LexicalHandler
 Methods: 7
  comment | ch, start, length
  endCDATA | 
  endDTD | 
  endEntity | name
  startCDATA | 
  startDTD | name, publicId, systemId
  startEntity | name
org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2
 Methods: 2
  getEncoding | 
  getXMLVersion | 
org.xml.sax.ext.Attributes2Impl
 Methods: 11
  addAttribute | uri, localName, qName, type, value
  isDeclared | uri, localName
  isDeclared | index
  isDeclared | qName
  isSpecified | uri, localName
  isSpecified | index
  isSpecified | qName
  removeAttribute | index
  setAttributes | atts
  setDeclared | index, value
  setSpecified | index, value
org.xml.sax.ext.DefaultHandler2
 Methods: 14
  attributeDecl | eName, aName, type, mode, value
  comment | ch, start, length
  elementDecl | name, model
  endCDATA | 
  endDTD | 
  endEntity | name
  externalEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  getExternalSubset | name, baseURI
  internalEntityDecl | name, value
  resolveEntity | publicId, systemId
  resolveEntity | name, publicId, baseURI, systemId
  startCDATA | 
  startDTD | name, publicId, systemId
  startEntity | name
org.xml.sax.ext.Locator2Impl
 Methods: 4
  getEncoding | 
  getXMLVersion | 
  setEncoding | encoding
  setXMLVersion | version
org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributeListImpl
 Methods: 10
  addAttribute | name, type, value
  clear | 
  getLength | 
  getName | i
  getType | name
  getType | i
  getValue | name
  getValue | i
  removeAttribute | name
  setAttributeList | atts
org.xml.sax.helpers.AttributesImpl
 Methods: 22
  addAttribute | uri, localName, qName, type, value
  clear | 
  getIndex | qName
  getIndex | uri, localName
  getLength | 
  getLocalName | index
  getQName | index
  getType | qName
  getType | index
  getType | uri, localName
  getURI | index
  getValue | qName
  getValue | uri, localName
  getValue | index
  removeAttribute | index
  setAttribute | index, uri, localName, qName, type, value
  setAttributes | atts
  setLocalName | index, localName
  setQName | index, qName
  setType | index, type
  setURI | index, uri
  setValue | index, value
org.xml.sax.helpers.DefaultHandler
 Methods: 17
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | uri, localName, qName
  endPrefixMapping | prefix
  error | e
  fatalError | e
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  notationDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  processingInstruction | target, data
  resolveEntity | publicId, systemId
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  skippedEntity | name
  startDocument | 
  startElement | uri, localName, qName, attributes
  startPrefixMapping | prefix, uri
  unparsedEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId, notationName
  warning | e
org.xml.sax.helpers.LocatorImpl
 Methods: 8
  getColumnNumber | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getPublicId | 
  getSystemId | 
  setColumnNumber | columnNumber
  setLineNumber | lineNumber
  setPublicId | publicId
  setSystemId | systemId
org.xml.sax.helpers.NamespaceSupport
 Methods: 12
  declarePrefix | prefix, uri
  getDeclaredPrefixes | 
  getPrefix | uri
  getPrefixes | 
  getPrefixes | uri
  getURI | prefix
  isNamespaceDeclUris | 
  popContext | 
  processName | qName, parts, isAttribute
  pushContext | 
  reset | 
  setNamespaceDeclUris | value
org.xml.sax.helpers.ParserAdapter
 Methods: 22
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | qName
  getContentHandler | 
  getDTDHandler | 
  getEntityResolver | 
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getProperty | name
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  parse | input
  parse | systemId
  processingInstruction | target, data
  setContentHandler | handler
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, value
  startDocument | 
  startElement | qName, qAtts
org.xml.sax.helpers.ParserFactory
 Methods: 2
  makeParser | 
  makeParser | className
org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLFilterImpl
 Methods: 33
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | uri, localName, qName
  endPrefixMapping | prefix
  error | e
  fatalError | e
  getContentHandler | 
  getDTDHandler | 
  getEntityResolver | 
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getParent | 
  getProperty | name
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  notationDecl | name, publicId, systemId
  parse | systemId
  parse | input
  processingInstruction | target, data
  resolveEntity | publicId, systemId
  setContentHandler | handler
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setFeature | name, value
  setParent | parent
  setProperty | name, value
  skippedEntity | name
  startDocument | 
  startElement | uri, localName, qName, atts
  startPrefixMapping | prefix, uri
  unparsedEntityDecl | name, publicId, systemId, notationName
  warning | e
org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderAdapter
 Methods: 18
  characters | ch, start, length
  endDocument | 
  endElement | uri, localName, qName
  endPrefixMapping | prefix
  ignorableWhitespace | ch, start, length
  parse | input
  parse | systemId
  processingInstruction | target, data
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setDocumentHandler | handler
  setDocumentLocator | locator
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setLocale | locale
  skippedEntity | name
  startDocument | 
  startElement | uri, localName, qName, atts
  startPrefixMapping | prefix, uri
org.xml.sax.helpers.XMLReaderFactory
 Methods: 2
  createXMLReader | 
  createXMLReader | className
org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser
 Methods: 37
  defineEntityReplacementText | entityName, replacementText
  getAttributeCount | 
  getAttributeName | index
  getAttributeNamespace | index
  getAttributePrefix | index
  getAttributeType | index
  getAttributeValue | namespace, name
  getAttributeValue | index
  getColumnNumber | 
  getDepth | 
  getEventType | 
  getFeature | name
  getInputEncoding | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getName | 
  getNamespace | 
  getNamespace | prefix
  getNamespaceCount | depth
  getNamespacePrefix | pos
  getNamespaceUri | pos
  getPositionDescription | 
  getPrefix | 
  getProperty | name
  getText | 
  getTextCharacters | holderForStartAndLength
  isAttributeDefault | index
  isEmptyElementTag | 
  isWhitespace | 
  next | 
  nextTag | 
  nextText | 
  nextToken | 
  require | type, namespace, name
  setFeature | name, state
  setInput | in
  setInput | inputStream, inputEncoding
  setProperty | name, value
org.xmlpull.v1.XmlSerializer
 Methods: 25
  attribute | namespace, name, value
  cdsect | text
  comment | text
  docdecl | text
  endDocument | 
  endTag | namespace, name
  entityRef | text
  flush | 
  getDepth | 
  getFeature | name
  getName | 
  getNamespace | 
  getPrefix | namespace, generatePrefix
  getProperty | name
  ignorableWhitespace | text
  processingInstruction | text
  setFeature | name, state
  setOutput | os, encoding
  setOutput | writer
  setPrefix | prefix, namespace
  setProperty | name, value
  startDocument | encoding, standalone
  startTag | namespace, name
  text | buf, start, len
  text | text
org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParserFactory
 Methods: 10
  getFeature | name
  isNamespaceAware | 
  isValidating | 
  newInstance | 
  newInstance | unused, unused2
  newPullParser | 
  newSerializer | 
  setFeature | name, state
  setNamespaceAware | awareness
  setValidating | validating
org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParserException
 Methods: 4
  getColumnNumber | 
  getDetail | 
  getLineNumber | 
  printStackTrace | 
org.xmlpull.v1.sax2.Driver
 Methods: 31
  getColumnNumber | 
  getContentHandler | 
  getDTDHandler | 
  getEntityResolver | 
  getErrorHandler | 
  getFeature | name
  getIndex | qName
  getIndex | uri, localName
  getLength | 
  getLineNumber | 
  getLocalName | index
  getProperty | name
  getPublicId | 
  getQName | index
  getSystemId | 
  getType | index
  getType | uri, localName
  getType | qName
  getURI | index
  getValue | index
  getValue | qName
  getValue | uri, localName
  parse | systemId
  parse | source
  parseSubTree | pp
  setContentHandler | handler
  setDTDHandler | handler
  setEntityResolver | resolver
  setErrorHandler | handler
  setFeature | name, value
  setProperty | name, value
